28-year-old chef found dead in San Francisco mall
A 28-year-old chef who recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the staircase of a local shopping center.
The victim's brother said he cannot imagine anyone who would want to harm him,"Finally, it went uphill again at him."
The corpse, found Wednesday morning in the Westfield Mall, was identified as the 28-year-old Frank Galicia from San Francisco, the Justice Department said in San Francisco.
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was classified as murder and the investigation is on the running.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told the ABS broadcaster KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who formerly worked as a cook in Boston, had his dream job as a cook at the Sons & Daughters restaurant in San Francisco six months ago.
A spokesman for the Sons & Daughters said they were "shocked and destroyed on the ground" over his death.
"We are a small team that works like a close family and we are going to miss him painfully," said the spokesman.
Our thoughts and condolences are in this difficult time at Franks's family and friends.
Louis Galicia admitted that Frank initially lived in hostels, but that "things for him finally went uphill."
"He found an apartment, he had a girlfriend," shared Louis Garcia KGO.
Louis Galicia said he could not imagine anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
He was a friendly person with a big heart.
His way to connect with his family was to always give us something to cook, prepare us dinner," said Louis Galicia.
He never wanted to take part in any kind of controversy.
He was the brother who swam with the electricity.
"In everything that goes wrong in the world, he was this unvarnished diamond that brightened bright every day," he said.
Anyone with information on the case will be asked to call the SFPD's execution phone under the number 415-575-4444.
Jennifer Aniston: I am always put in drawers
Jennifer Aniston does not always have to be perfect or successful.
That is what the Hollywood star clearly made clear in an interview now.
"I will always be plugged into drawers or glued from outside labels, which with me and reality usually have little to do with it."
"I do not have the desire to always be perfect and successful."
"To be honest, these things are rather snuff to me."
Jennifer Aniston (47) can only laugh that she is considered "miss Perfect" as she explains in the current "cosmopolitan."
After all, the actress spends her time at home, TV with loose Dutt and Mexican food, the magazine says.
To the white glut, she raises the question of the child's wish: "we women do not have to be married or have children to be perfect," according to the Hollywood star.
In her new film,"Mother's Day - Love is Not a Children's Game", Aniston is seen as a single mother of two sons.
The film runs with us from the 25th of August.
Golfer Langer gets the sports pyramid
His experience on the horse is manageable.
At the end of a golf tournament in South Africa, Bernhard Langer was looking for a bit of variation on the beach with some colleagues.
It was a premiere for the 58-year-old.
CHIO: "golden sports pyramid" for Bernhard Langer
After a few minutes, the horses remembered their holiday, they hunted in the fast gallop home to the fodder troughs.
One kilometer at this pace, I was scared.
"It was not a good experience," Langer says.
And so the riding career ended up again.
On Saturday, Germany's best golfer of all time - 101 tournament victories - was again close to horses.
He left with his family over the plant of the ALRV, on a horse he did not even bother for photo purposes.
Langer was the first time in Aachen and also with the CHIO.
The reason was quite convincing.
The German sports aid was given to the man from Anhausen as part of a small gala the Golden Sports pyramid.
At awards, the likeable athlete is not lacking.
Federal Cross of Merit, Silver's laurel, Champions Tour Player of the year...
Even the British Queen has already adored him.
Langer is the 18th winner of the sports pyramid.
In Aachen, he met the first prize winner Hans Günter Winkler on Saturday.
"This award means a lot to me," says Langer,"because it is awarded not only for sporting successes, but also for social engagement."
For decades, Langer has been promoting the young.
And so he also gave the prize money of 25,000 euros.
With 15 other outstanding athletes, the two-time U.S. Masters champion was inducted into the "Hall of Fame of German Sports" on Saturday.
The performances include the athletes Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, the Turner Eberhard Gienger, the Fechter Cornelia Hanisch, Alexander Pusch and Arnd Schmitt, the rowers Peter-Michael Kolbe, the Judoka Frank Wieneke, the jumping rider Alwin Schockemöhle and posthumously the handballer Erhard Wunderlich.
Many of these sports legends came to Aachen on Saturday.
After the official part, the illustrious society wandered into the Springstadion, where the Lavazza Prize was running.
Bernhard Langer kept distance from the big animals.
Clinton's and Trump's economic policies in comparison: it's all about the money
Investing in infrastructure and preventing the trade agreement TTP - that is what both Clinton and Trump want.
However, the two US presidential candidates are divided on fiscal and energy policy, as well as on a fundamental issue.
The differences in economic policy between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are based on a fundamental, more philosophical difference.
The, about the role of the state.
Trump wants to keep those in doubt rather small and warns of how the state can hurt the economy - with taxes and regulations.
Clinton wants to tax the economy to death and regulate it to death, he says.
He himself would be very different, claims Trump.
He will drive back regulation massively, and he is pushing for far-reaching tax reform with lower tax rates - for private individuals and for businesses.
Clinton, however, says the state has certain tasks to perform, it has disadvantaged opportunities and needs money for it.
That is why taxes would be increased for the rich, she says.
Interestingly, both are very close to the subject of infrastructure.
It must be invested in, say, Trump and Clinton almost word-for-word.
The Democratic candidate even announces the biggest investment in new jobs since World War II.
Government investment programs in infrastructure are classic democratic policies, and are strongly opposed by Republicans ' state-critical teaparty-wing.
So there could be partisan discussions on Trump.
The differences in energy and climate policy are clearer.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power plants and boost coal production in the US.
Oil production is also expected to be possible in areas protected so far, and the Paris climate agreement is to be terminated.
Clinton, on the other hand, wants to explicitly expand renewable energy with her investment program, and demands that "a country will become the superpower of clean energy and create millions of jobs."
"It will probably be either China, Germany or America - I want us to be."
But not only in terms of infrastructure, but also in international trade agreements, the two competitors are not too far apart.
TPP, the trans-Pacific trade agreement, both do not want to sign.
At the same time, both do not want to isolate the US from international trade, but simply to better protect American jobs.
They are also supposed to be paid better, asking for Clinton.
The current minimum wage of $7.25 is a starvation wage.
It wants to raise it to $15 an hour.
What Trump wants to do on this issue is not entirely clear: once, he says, the minimum wage must be up, then he says he should not be changed.
But the big debate in the coming months is likely to be more about the fiscal policy of the two camps.
On the one hand, Trump, who wants to relieve the economy and citizens in order to boost growth.
His critics believe that this would only increase the budget deficit.
On the other hand, Clinton, who at least wants to ask the wealthy to pay more tax, and whose critics say more taxes are not the solution, either.
Escape: "any fleeing woman has experience of sexual violence"
Sexual violence is part of everyday life for women who flee on their own.
When they arrive in Germany, they are often traumatized.
A house offers refuge.
In a large kitchen, there are four women.
Each has a baby, which is no more than a year old.
One has put her little son in the arm.
He looks with big eyes curious in the room.
His mother stares at the table plate.
Until she realizes she is being watched.
She smiles short and kisses the little one.
The scene looks normal.
Until you talk to Katrin Bahr.
She is a division manager of Condrobs, a carrier for social assistance in Bavaria, and deals with, among other things, women on the run.
The four women in the kitchen are fleeing.
They live in the north of Munich in one of the few decentralized accommodation for women and their children in Bavaria.
In January, Condrobs opened the facility together with Pro Familia and the Munich Women's Aid.
It has recently been officially opened.
60 people live there - about 40 women and 20 children.
Men do not exist - even as a visitor.
The exception is a guard at the door.
"It is not an exaggeration to say that any woman who arrives here has made on her escape experiences with sexual violence," Bahr says.
"Men are fleeing because of wars because they are persecuted politically because they are threatening torture or death or because their families send them as hopefuls to Europe," she tells.
In women, there are other reasons for the escape: "many are stealing from it because they see no other way out."
In their homeland, they have experience of sexual violence, forced marriages, honour killings, slavery or forced prostitution.
That is what drives them.
On the run, that goes on.
"That smugglers, for example, demand a sexual act for a bottle of water is not a rarity," says Bahr.
And the women are alone, they are not protected by their families.
Anyone who thinks that the end as soon as they arrive in Germany is mistaken, tells Bahr.
Here, too, single women in refugee camps would often be regarded as inferior and, at worst, abused.
That means that about 90 percent of the women who live in the accommodation in the Munich North are traumatized, she estimated.
"Some of the children certainly did not come up voluntarily."
Many women are so used to saying nothing.
"Or they do not dare to speak openly about the experience because the shame is too big."
As they often do not know how to help, there is a need for more accommodation only for them, Bahr asks.
In Bavaria, the seven district governments are responsible for accommodating refugees.
On the question of whether they knew of a project similar to that in Munich in their area of responsibility, some answer no.
In Oberpfalz and Oberfranken, for example, there is no such thing in government accommodation.
Even in Swabia, abandoned women are not being accommodated separately, says Karl-Heinz Meyer, press officer of the government.
In Oberbayern, Unter- und Mittelfranken, there are only for single women and their children in some dormitories or their own houses.
The exception is Lower Bavaria, where there are two central accommodation exclusively for women.
The European Parliament's Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality also calls for women to be separated from men.
In a study published for the committee, it said: "it is very important for men and women to be accommodated separately."
"Lacking the privacy, or getting men and women together, it can turn into - perpetual - violence against women."
In particular, the laundry rooms should be separated and easily accessible to women, the study says.
The way in which women feel this need for protection can be seen at the arrival of the house in Munich.
"Since it has been around, that there is us, we have a long waiting list," Bahr says.
You could easily set up a second house.
Assistant doctors strike: calls for new industrial action
Deputy Assistant doctors have called on their union to approve new labor action in their disputes over a new contract.
The Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) has called on its entire council to approve more industrial action from early September.
The JDC said that ministers had failed to address concerns about the treaty.
Assistant doctors and medical students voted in July on the rejection of a contract that was agreed with the BMA.
It was rejected by 58 percent of its members who voted in the elections.
In a letter to members posted on Twitter on Thursday evening, JDC's chairwoman Ellen McCourt said the government had remained "persistently calm" on problems, adding that the treaty was rejected.
She said: "in view of this, the JDC board voted to reject the proposed new treaty in full and called for official renegotiation to all your concerns."
In response to the government's silence, the JDC board today submitted a formal request for a special meeting of the BMA Council to approve an ongoing program of escalating labor action, which begins in early September.
The disputes caused assistant doctors to strike six times this year, the first total outages in the history of the NHS.
The head of the BMA assistant physician Dr Johann Malawana resigned after the election to reject the agreed terms of the contract, which had been recommended by the BMA.
He told BMA members during the meetings, which took place before the vote by 54,000 assistant doctors and medical students, that the treaty was beneficial and should be adopted.
After the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract for doctors in England would be forcibly introduced.
Russia and Turkey: an "alliance of outsiders"?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
Leaders of Russia and Turkey met Tuesday to give up their hands and declare an official end to the eight-month war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin receives his Turkish counterpart in the gold-plated hall of St Petersburg Palace, I cannot deny the impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation most.
There was the handshake, yes.
But Putin's smile acted narrowly, and he barely radiated warmth, even for his restrained conditions.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, repeatedly spoke of his "dear friend" Putin - according to a report full five times.
I could not count it any more.
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only return to their old pre-crisis levels, but will even improve.
The next day, a newspaper described that Erdogan had behaved as if something bad had never happened.
To me, his enthusiasm seemed to indicate the opposite.
But a sustainable coolness, broadcast by Putin, showed that Russia's head of state had forgotten nothing.
Rather, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his introductory remarks: the downing of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border by Turkey.
Moscow's reaction at the time was wrecked.
Putin split out and accused Ankara of having fallen behind Russia.
The offense was even greater as it was committed by an alleged friend.
Rebuilding the veto will be difficult, if not impossible.
Public opinion in Russia has changed since Nov.
For months, state-controlled media conducted a fierce, full attack on Ankara.
At one time, it seemed the Turks were to blame for everything.
Most serious were allegations by senior officials that Erdogan's own family had benefited from the illegal trade in oil in areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He vehemently denied this.
But in St.Petersburg, the official message was that it was time to look forward.
After all, that meeting took place only because Putin received the apology from President Erdogan, which he wanted to hear.
Russia was a kind of victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of a ceasefire are clear.
Erdogan primarily needs all the friends he can get after being unveiled almost by his office last month in a failed coup.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey have also shaken him.
But there are also economic motives.
Russian sanctions have hit Turkey hard - particularly the ban on charter flights, which typically bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
The number has fallen by almost 90%.
In Russia, tour operators and charter companies will be relieved when flights resume.
They are counting on a late-season rush to the Mediterranean.
This week, state television forecast cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish farm imports are allowed again.
As a report in Vedemosti put it: "tourists there long, tomatoes here long."
But the visit had an additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West as it considers its response to the attempted takeover as a weak response.
To this end, the ongoing resentment comes at the snail's pace of EU accession negotiations and Putin - eager to take advantage of the cool mood and reduce Turkey's relationship with the West.
The Russian leader certainly won a bonus in Ankara for calling for support for the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
This is, of course, a matter of course for Moscow, which itself has a deep-seated fear of regime change.
The summit in this glamorous palace on the sea made it possible for Russia and Turkey to depict, as an analyst once told me, the "alliance of outsiders": two countries that feel wronged by the West and feel badly treated and are now allied.
However, despite public reconciliation, there are still major differences between the two.
The biggest difference is Syria, where Moscow recently gave itself the role as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
It could be significant that after nearly three hours of initial talks, both presidents said at the press conference that they had not even jumped the issue.
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question about their differences, while Putin chose to emphasize them.
There is no clear consensus on where to find a common denominator on Syria.
But after months of open hostilities - and given the potential for a complete disaster, when NATO member Turkey shot down the Russian fighter jet - it is certainly better that the two heads of state at least talk to each other again.
Royal Bank of Scotland for customers outside Scotland no longer available
The RBS brand is about to be reduced to a back-office role, according to the bank's CEO.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the bank's global ambitions.
The bank has since distanced itself when it almost collapsed and had to be rescued eight years ago.
During that time, brand strategist RBS has used "RBS" to protect other end-consumer financial brands.
She supported international sport with millions of pounds in sponsorship, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon winner Andy Murray.
But now it has decided to put more national brands in focus.
Royal Bank of Scotland will only be available to customers in Scotland, but will not be initialized.
In England and Wales, all RSB references, the decentralised headquarters and the stock exchange listing will change to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller brands for retail banking that will be given more prominence - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
McEwan was interviewed during a sightseeing tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
He told BBC Scotland: "the RSB brand will become our investor brand as well as the brand under which our staff will be busy as we become more a bank of brands now."
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
I am now saying that we are not pursuing global objectives, but local objectives.
Each of these brands will stand in their own communities for something completely different and our employees will work with the customers under these brands.
RBS has already said it will no longer continue its Six Nations sponsorship and that it will increase the perceptibility of the various brands in its sports sponsorship.
"It is time for us to develop into the bank of brands, because how do we focus on inside (we have asked) to make this a better bank for customers?" said the CEO.
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we had said that we would be a great bank for our customers and have launched these brands.
But with our work, the focus on customer needs and not our own, I think we will see many changes.
We can launch these brands again, so I think the time has come.
Frankie Dettori reaches on Predilection his 3.000th win at Newmarket
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket that brings him 3.000th win
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3000th British win at Newmarket on Friday.
He set a milestone on Predilection, which is trained by John Gosden, on his local circuit with his second win of the night.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the milestone in the flat race.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddry and Willie Carson.
The three-time winner Dettori, who won before Ghayyar, said: "it is something special."
I am very emotional because my family is here too
I am very happy that it happened at Newmarket because I landed here 30 years ago.
It is not a big meeting, it is not Royal Ascot - it is a banal Friday night with 20,000 people.
I am relieved and very humble.
Dettori takes the jubilation as he takes on preaching the victory
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in the impeachment race - jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time winner Sir Anthony McCoy, who scored more than 4,300 victories in a record-breaking career.
Lester Piggott, the nine-time Derby winner, had 4.493 career victories
Frankie is one of the best jockey of modernity and it is no surprise that he has reached this milestone that few have achieved before him.
He has style and is strong, but it is his tactical intellect that distinguishes him from the others in the weight control room.
He is a fantastic ambassador for race, his enthusiasm and charisma has excited fans for years for this sport.
I told Frankie a couple of weeks ago at Epsom that he had already picked up 6000 profits if he was not just a weekend and big-tournament jockey!
Frankie has already won almost 30 years of winners in GB, which is great.
He has a lively personality, which is good for a British race, but beyond that, he is an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a typical Flying Dismount
From Flying finishes to Flying Dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the flagship of the British flat race for two decades.
It was nerve-wracking.
A whole series of major tournament wins, including his famous "glorious Seven" in 1996 in Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and received a drug ban.
Three years ago, he initially had trouble returning from his six-month lock, but he showed an impressive characteristic strength to defy his doubles and return to his best form.
And he is still far from the end - Dettori once said he wants to continue in competitions until his at least 50.th.
Russia's Putin fires chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff, Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov has been part of Putin's closest confidant for many years.
The 63-year-old has been appointed Special Envoy for Environmental and Transportation Affairs.
In an opinion from the Kremlin, it is that, without giving reasons, Putin "ordered the dismissal of Ivanovs from his duties as chairman of the Russian presidential administration."
Anton Vaino, who has been Ivanov's deputy since 2012, has been appointed to his successor.
Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious State Moscow Institute for International Relations (MGIMO) and worked in the embassy in Tokyo.
The Kremlin's website says (in Russian) that he was later the chief executive and chief executive of the government staff.
On his appointment, he said to Putin: "thank you for your confidence."
I think that it is the government's most important task to support your activity as head of state on draft legislation and controls to implement your instructions.
Putin told the Russian TV station on Friday that Ivanov had asked to leave his post and advised Vaino as his successor.
Do you see the smiling faces?
This move has kept Moscow shrouded in mystery.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest confidants and works like he did for the Soviet secret service, the KGB.
As chief of staff, he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, which was broadcast on television, both men claimed that the Chief of Staff resigned at his own request.
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few are convinced here - especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
So is this the result of a kind of power struggle?
Nobody knows that at the moment.
But the official claim - that a man once touted as a potential president would want to head Russian environmental policy at once - met with great skepticism.
In his remarks to Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Ivanov said " it is true that I asked you in a conversation in early 2012 to entrust me with this very complicated post - you could almost say - arduous posts for four years.
As it turns out, I have been the chairman of the Russian presidential administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took the post in December 2011.
Previously, he was deputy prime minister and defense minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and, like Putin, a former member of the KGB State Security Service.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was chairman of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed to his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he named Ivanov as one of five people he trusted most.
It was once thought that Ivanov could become president of Russia after Putin's second term, as a third term of Putin would have violated the constitution.
But this post was taken by another, close ally of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before he became president again three and a half years later.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson fired after he beat producers
Gibson was involved in a physical battle on the set of the series in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce the series, announced their dismissal in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, apologized publicly on Thursday before announcing his dismissal.
On the set, there were artistic differences and a difference of opinion.
I regret the incident," he said in a statement.
Details of how Gibson's character from the series, which follows a team of FBI agents, will be released, according to the opinion of the ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, likely to be released at a later date.
The 54-year-old, who previously played in the sitcom dharma & Greg, has been with it since the first season of the series in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds and have plugged my whole cardiac arrest for the last 12 years," Gibson said in a message released Friday.
I had hoped to be there until the end, but that will not be possible now.
I would just like to thank the authors, producers, actors, our wonderful crew and, above all, the best fans you can only wish for a series.
The planned broadcast of the twelfth season is scheduled for 28 September.
Mystery surrounding fish that landed in garden in Banff
A resident of Banff called for help in identifying the fish, which appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks it could be up to the 75 fish around Sandaale, who were out of a fountain.
Mr Bain, who lives about 500 metres from the sea, posted a video of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope that someone could shed some light on the appearance of the two-inch long fish.
Queensferry Crossing: bridge now linked to Fife
The £ 1.35 billion project is due to be completed by May 2017
Engineers have linked the north deck of the Queensferry crossings with the viaduct - meaning the bridge is now linked to Fife.
It is the first of four closures of the "cover blower," which is nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
The bridge section of Fife is now 600 meters long and weighs 30,000 tons.
It has 10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete and 46 swirls.
The £ 1.35 billion project is due to be completed by May 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown visited the building site today and was one of the first to go from the country to the bridge.
He said: "this is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of Queensferry crossings.
We are all witnesses to an engineering of a truly epic degree in this project with over 30,000 tons of concrete and steel used for this part of the bridge alone.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge, the completion of the closure between the viaduct and the bridge is a delicate activity that requires extremely precise tolerances for fit.
Overall, nearly 79% of the total bridge checks are in their place and the final section of the deck gets a betting ring for the deck today in Rosyth, which means the entire deck is ready to be lifted to its place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, project manager of Forth Crossing Bridge constructors said: "the first closure represents a significant milestone in each bridge project.
In this fantastic project, the shutter represents forward-looking high and deep construction.
After the installation of the last section of the road and its connection with the northern tower deck, we had to close the remaining gap on the north or land side.
This was achieved by dragging the northern accessory bridge 700 millimeters south.
This was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate activity.
Massive, as the viaduct is 222 meters long, weighs about 6,000 tons and has had to be pulled up at a slope of about 3%.
Delicate, as the tolerances to which the team was working were tiny - on each side they were only a few millimetres away.
Fortunately, everything went very well.
Rescue at Moelfre Bay: three men ' lucky still alive '
Three men are "lucky still alive" after being thrown from their fishing boat in front of Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI rescue station struck at 13: 20 BST on Friday after a crew watched the event in Moelfre Bay.
The three men had difficulty swimming in safety while their boat moved out of their own.
"We saw how the boat turned around in its vicinity and presented us with the worst," said the head of the rescue station of Moelfre Vince Jones.
"Fortunately, the strong winds have already blown the boat out of their reach until we left to water," he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat, while the third man was exhausted at the age of 60 and was found hanging on a Boje hanging without a lifeguard.
They all came aboard the coastal rescue boat and were taken back to the rescue station
Mr Jones said: "the three men who were thrown into the water are lucky to be unhurt and still alive.
The boat engine had an emergency stopover, but the boat was pulled out by the person who headed the boat.
Someone has woken up to these men today.
Seriously injured - man stabbed to his ex-girlfriend
A man has attacked his ex-girlfriend in Hamburg-Harburg with a knife and seriously injured.
As police said yesterday, the 50-year-old had been given the key to the apartment to pick up his personal things.
Instead, the alcohol-fueled offense cut his ex-girlfriend's clothes.
When she came into the apartment, he stayed on it twice.
The 44-year-old was injured in the hand and on the body.
The police could arrest the perpetrator.
While the 50-year-old destroyed his ex-girlfriend's clothes, he called his mother.
She then alerted his sister.
Together with her partner, the 45-year-old wanted to reassure her brother.
She could not get him to leave the apartment, though.
That is why she went out of the house with her partner.
On the street, they met the man's ex-life companion.
When the two women entered the apartment again, the 50-year-old stabbed his sister to the side and attacked his ex-girlfriend.
Who is building Braunschweig's cheap homes?
The SPD and the Greens believe that investors should be made much more accountable in the future.
How do you react to the bad news that Braunschweig will lose nearly 1300 cheap homes in the next few years?
The SPD proposes a "living concept" for the next Council meeting.
But dispute is programmed.
First of all, the question is: who is supposed to build the cheap housing?
There is no regulation so far.
SPD group chairman Christoph Bratmann said: "we agree with the Greens: anyone who wants to build on urban areas will have to designate 20 percent of all homes as social housing in the future."
However, the cheap apartments can also be created in the stock.
However, the big point of contention in the town hall, Bratmann said, is "how do you deal with investors who want to build on private land?"
"We want investors on such land to build at least 10 percent, but as much as 20 percent of homes as social housing."
A new urban housing support programme, which will cost millions and still needs to be funded, is designed to provide incentives.
The problem, Bratmann said, is "there is still no agreement between the groups at the moment."
The CDU wants investors to make as few rules as possible.
The left still wants tough conditions for investors.
Despite this, Bratmann said, the situation in the housing market is deteriorating.
If the concept of action is implemented, it will provide additional tasks in the construction administration.
More staff is needed.
It is unclear whether we will get the skilled workers.
But the programme is not yet complete: the approximately 1260 new homes, which should be built anyway.
But how do you compensate for the loss of some 1300 cheap homes, the promotion of which will expire in the next few years?
By 2020 alone, it will be 500 homes.
To prevent that, according to planning policy spokeswoman Nicole Palm, running ties should now be purchased from the city.
Consideration should also be given to getting housing back into price-fixing.
This is possible in the western city.
At one stroke, the problem could be solved.
Because in the western city, deadlines expire at the end of the year.
Around 1800 homes could be put back into price-fixing for cheap housing.
Only: that is what the owners want, the housing companies do not want.
There will be a drastic increase in the number of social housing in the western part of the city, away from the objective of the so-called mixing.
There should be no more concentration of socially weak in just a few parts of the city.
The Greens expect there to be some movement in the debate.
Group chairman Holger Herlitschke says: "for a broad majority, the CDU needs to go on board."
That has focused on more building sites for single-family homes.
But this does not mean that a compromise cannot be found.
Pokémon Go, a hunt for health and happiness that is worth
It is fascinating to see how the world is changing.
The fact that teenagers and children do not go outside to play, but rather prefer to spend their leisure time on screens, has been lamented by many over the last decade.
Pokemon Go is about getting people off the sofa and getting more active.
The time on screen was initially confined to the TV, then to video games and, most recently, to smartphones.
It is therefore great to see that technology and outdoor activities are not mutually exclusive.
I am referring, of course, to the Pokémon Go-Wahn, an app based on the characters created initially for the video games in the 1990s (later a cartoon series, playing cards and other spin-offs).
Like many phenomena of pop culture, interest decreased before the release of the game in the US, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
The market launch in other countries was delayed by the massive demand that the servers overloaded.
Within a few days, Pokémon Go had more users than tinder and almost as many as Twitter.
How does it work?
In short, players with their smartphones go out and look for Pokémons, which is tracked with a GPS and, once found, can be "photographed" (via a screenshot on the mobile phone) or "captured".
A generation that played the game when she was younger joined the madness and jumped for the search from the sofa.
In the US, the game led to a significant increase in steps that put the "average" person back every day.
Cardiogram, an app for Apple Watch that tracks 35,000 users, told the Washington Post recently that within two days of the game's launch, the number of folks who train for 30 minutes each day jumped from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company does not know who plays Pokémon Go - it only sees the raw data to improve performance.
Many public health education campaigns that want to get people to "take 30 minutes of time to come" "from the sofa" and "to be active every day" came on deaf ears because many public messages to health are boring and come from people who look elder.
However, the importance of sport cannot be overstated.
Whoever drives sports regularly reduces his chances of suffering from cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps with weight control, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits that is too long to lead them here.
But the wonderful thing about Pokémon Go is that it brings people to do something outdoors that makes them fun.
Thus, three pillars of health are covered - exercise, fresh air and sunshine as well as fun.
Some people even find new friendships on the hunt.
As always, there are also mammoth gamblers who always have to complain about something.
And yes, someone could run against a door.
What is to be done?
There has been a breakthrough.
Even if smartphone apps like Fitbit were able to track our activity earlier, they gave us no reason to play sports as this game does.
The new will lose its charm and the use will ease with time.
However, because of Pokemon's success, there will be more games that will combine apps and virtual reality with the real world, helping many people in the hunt to be more active, fitter and healthier.
Read Dr Joes Blog at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles creates gold in Damenturnen
Forget the pressure.
Forget the hype.
Simone Biles is immune to all that.
Dynamically on the jump horse.
Effortlessly on the beam.
Stunning on the ground.
Absolutely brilliant.
And now, at last, Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American Turner drove to the multi-match title on Thursday and widened the gap between himself and the rest of the world in front of all eyes under the spotlight of the Olympics.
Their total score of 62.198 was clearly ahead of the silver medal winner and "final Five" team adin Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
American women Simone Biles Turnt on the beam during the women's singles tournament at the Olympic Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016, Brazil, Thursday.
Biles is the fourth heterosexual American woman to win a multiple-fight title and, overall, the fifth, while retaining her reputation for being the best of her generation, or even at all.
She broke out in tears when her final result was shown and her long journey came to an end at that moment.
This success puts them in the same league as unique athletes like Michael Phelps, who have brought their sports to new heights:
Biles has dominated her sport for the last three years, winning 15 World Cup medals - including 10 gold medals - with such amazing exercises that include a mix of ambition and precision that the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou bailout of her said she is "the best turner I have ever seen."
It was expecting a final test in Brazil, a contest that was not so much between Biles and the rest of the athletes, but rather between her and a load of oversized expectations.
Not returning with a handful of gold back to the family in Spring, Texas, would be seen as a disappointment.
The Americans Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman hug themselves after they each won gold and silver in the women's multiple-team tournament at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday
Biles picked up the first medal Tuesday while serving as an exclamation mark at the farewell ceremony of retired team coordinator Martha Karolyi.
Although Biles insisted, during her long road to the top, never planned the future, that is not really true.
Part of their ground exercises - which include their typical tumbling pass - is tuned to Latin American music that would fit at home on the street outside the Olympic arena in Rio.
This is no coincidence.
This girl, adopted by her grandparents as a small child and was discovered by trainer Aimee Boorman's mother during a school trip to the gym in which Boorman trained, became the force.
She has not lost multi-match competition since the summer of 2013, a winning series that will continue as long as Biles wishes.
Even if Mustafina led by two turns slightly, the picture blew up.
Sweat beams and ground urns - in which Biles holds the world championship title - lauded.
She picked up again with 15.433 on the sweep bar - and put one on it with a 15.933 on the floor.
Raisman embraced them gently as they awaited their final gloss - a mere formality - and tears flowed on Biles gleefully red, white and blue Eyeliner, when the vision she once described in her collection book became the reality.
Raismans ' performance was a revenge for the last time four years ago, when she struggled for third place, but the bronze medal in a tiebrake went to Mustafina.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain, called "Grandma" by the Americans, had a head start.
After her floor exercise, she threw the audience to the audience, overwhelmed by a comeback that sometimes seemed doubtful.
As for Biles, the fast-spreading tweet of 19-year-olds from earlier this week has a whole new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in serial murder case at music hearing in car shot
According to police reports released Thursday, two women and a 12-year-old girl were shot dead in one of the deadliest attacks in a decade in Phoenix's first serial murder case while they were staying in the car and listening to music.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis's daughter Maleah were shot dead June 12 while the car was parked in an entrance, authorities said.
The perpetrator fired eight shots from a handgun while he was on the front passenger side of the car and then fled with another vehicle, the report said.
Police said that the triple murder did not seem to have been the result of a robbery, as the attacker did not take the handbags or the $2.900 that was owned by one of the adult victims.
Phoenix Sgt. Jonathan Howard's police spokesman said the shooting caused investigators to take a closer look at whether it was linked to four previous attacks.
A total of seven people were killed and two others injured, mostly in Hispanic residential areas within four months.
"It is happening in a residential neighborhood in front of a house," said Howard of the KHPO, a subsidiary of CBS, earlier this month.
It is believed the suspect used several vehicles, including a brown Nissans from the late 1990s, a black BMW from the late 1990s and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Investigators refused to reveal the evidence they led to the conclusion that the attacks were linked and were committed by the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized because of her injuries and died later.
Liner, 31, and Ellis's daughter Maleah still died on the spot.
A witness told police that it was not unusual for her to sit in a parked car and listen to music.
Authorities also released a police report on the shooting, which was aimed at an empty pickup truck half an hour before the triple murder and is believed to have been the work of the serial killer.
Investigators found cartridges and secured a bullet from the seat as well as bullet fragments from the engine room.
Mother of a 6-year-old with microcephaly: "it is getting better"
Like most 6-year-olds, Edmund Picciuto loves the singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But like the least of his contemporaries, Edmund has microcephaly, the result of a genetic disorder that his mother Elizabeth Picciuto knew nothing about during her pregnancy.
When he first came home, my first thought was, I do not get that.
I do not do that.
I did not get into it.
What is not right at all -- of course, you got into it," she said.
Her husband Vincent and her have been told that Edmund may never recognize them, and that he may not even survive.
Some doctors even went so far as to suggest that they institutionalize it.
"My first response to this was ' I did not know that people still do, '" declared Picciuto.
Edmund can run with the help of a walker.
Edmund could not sit and crawl until his third year of life, and he still cannot speak.
But he is making slow progress.
He can run with support and cycling.
He also loves to play and sing with his two brothers.
Elizabeth shows the sign language that Edmund for " Please sing me something before ". "
"We are bringing him sign language," Picciuto told CBS News.
But it is not a typical sign language -- she says Edmund has invented some characters on his own.
Microcephaly has a variety of causes: genetic as well as Edmund infections, as well as infections with viruses such as measles or the Zikavirus during pregnancy.
The symptoms and forecasts can vary greatly.
It is too early to say how it will affect the lives of those infected with the Zikavirus.
Picciuto remembers the emotional price of an uncertain future.
I constantly asked, what will happen?
What will happen?
And she still does not really know.
I have not been asking for the prognosis for a long time, because I do not expect them to really tell me anyone.
But Picciuto has a hopeful advice for mothers of babies with birth defects caused by the Zikavirus.
It is getting better.
You know it will be better for you.
You will love your child and your child will love you.
Heavy rain, flooding give rise to rescue in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rain and large-scale flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with more rain expected throughout Saturday.
Numerous rivers in southeastern Louisiana and southern Mississippis flooded their shores and threatened with large-scale flooding after extreme rains, the National Weather Service reported.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards said that state officials are in constant contact with the local authorities and are already on the way to help affected communities.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, said that requests for flood vehicles, boats and sandbags were multiplying.
Steele said that only the municipality of Tangipahoa had requested tens of thousands of sandbags.
A flood warning system will be deployed across much of southern Louisiana until Saturday.
The weather service indicated that an additional 3 to 5 inches of rain could fall in this area.
A tsunami warning system was set up in the south of Alabamas on Friday, while it continued to rain in the Mobile area.
The River Comite near baton Rouges and the Amite River near Denham Springs, both of which are located in Louisiana, are all likely to reach record levels over the weekend.
The metereologist Alek Krautmann says both rivers could flood many homes into the suburbs near baton Rouge.
He also said that a stroke-down exuberance in Ascension Parish poses a danger, as these are going to flow slowly into Lake Maurepas across the river.
The Tickfaw River, south of the Mississippi State border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest level ever recorded at 09.00 on Friday.
Rescue teams still trapped people from the floodwaters in the Amite district and Wilkinson in the southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were among those rescued Friday near Gloster.
Hansford, 62, says water from Beaver Creek, which is usually more than 400 feet away from his home, rose sharply overnight.
He said another stepson, who lives nearby, had been warned.
"We woke up and the water flowed and poured in," said Hansford.
It reached my waist.
His wife told Hansford that in the 48 years in which she lived there, she had never seen such a high tide of the river.
Hansford said he and his family members all had disabilities and he would be the only one who can swim.
Hansford said that Nothelfer had rescued all three in a large military truck and brought them to the nearest fire station in Gloster, where they were staying until Friday.
Krautmann said the flooding had "spread quickly" as there continued to be heavy rains and that the authorities were considering evacuation orders.
According to Krautmann, an observer arrived near Livingstone from midnight to Friday morning of 13.75 inches of rain.
Krautmann said the ground had been considerably swollen by the rains since Wednesday.
Authorities said heavy rains and street flooding caused the rescue of residents from their homes in Tangipahoa Parish and tuition failure in five school districts.
The CBS subsidiary WWL reported that a subordinate in Tangipahoa gave up 200 flooded homes.
Residents were evacuated in two churches, which were now both flooded.
The suburb of the municipality of Robby Miller said authorities had rescued 72 people and seven pets that were strapped from the floods.
In the cities of Amite and Hammond, emergency shelters were set up to house the evacuees.
"Once the water starts to go back, they will be able to go back to their homes," he said.
In the town of Hammond of the municipality of Tangipahoa, nearly two dozens of roads were closed due to the flooding and provided sandbags to residents who hope to keep the water out of their homes and shops.
"The last major flooding we had was in March," said Lacy Landrum of the city government.
This seems to be a similar incident.
In Mississipp, emergency manager Rupert Lacy of the Harrison Countys said it continued to rain on the Gulf Coast.
According to his figures, a handful of homes were to have been reported flooded Thursday, but none were reported on Friday.
Keith Townson, manager at shopper Value Foods in Amite, has been living in the area for 40 years.
"I have seen water in places I have never seen before," said Townson,"and it is still coming."
Mahaj Brown, 6,"riddled with bullets," survives shooting in Philadelphia
Police say the 6-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia this week already the second time a 6-year-old child is being shot.
The boy's grandparents identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
The grandparents said Brown suffered several stab injuries, including in the lender, leg, arm and belly, but that he was hospitalized when he was transported to the hospital.
"He has gone through a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets," shared his grandmother Delores Melendez told the station.
I simply cannot believe that.
The boy's condition was considered critical in a hospital and he had to undergo several surgeries.
The boy's family told the station that he is expected to recover.
He should have started the first class at a local primary school.
Brown was one of four people shot at Germantown.
Also shot down were three men: two at the age of 29 and a 32-year-old.
One of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition; the other two victims are in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The boy was found on the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old, who is in a critical condition, the station reported.
The other two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether one of the injured men could be among the injured men.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that there appeared to be a crossfire between several shooters.
Cartridges for storm guns, traced to various storm guns, overturned the scene.
It seems that this has clearly been an ongoing struggle.
On the street, on both sides of the trail, there were hugs.
So there seems to have been several armed fighters who were very actively involved," shared police chief Anthony Ginaldi of police in Philadelphia told the station.
Several houses and vehicles were also hit in the area.
No arrests have been made and police are currently reportedly reviewing the surveillance video.
On Tuesday, another 6-year-old girl was hit by a transcript at the arm when she played in front of her home in the residential area of West Oak Lane.
She is recovering and police are still searching for a suspect.
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
That is what I imagine under the women's Olympic team in the tournament, and that for more than one reason.
First, I have been at every summer Olympics since 1984 and the US has never been so dominant.
And second, this team has three turners, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who have been inspiring for many young girls of other skin color.
The structure of this crew, the Aly Raisman, who is Jewish and Madison Kocian, who is a Catholic, makes everyone proud.
This team finally reflects the US.
It has solidified the black and Hispanic female presence at the top of this sport.
In the last four years, the number one female Turner has been an Afro-American.
Last year, Simone and Gabby were _SHARP_ 1 and _SHARP_ 2.
That shows strength.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprising Olympic winner and America cheered.
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performance of the three-time world champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, as they delivered unexpected but masterful gym routines.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth, heterosexual American who won gold at an individual multifight event for women.
Team member Aly Raisman won silver.
We are seeing the top of this sport, but so tournament classes across the country do not look out.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all hit the same road as Aly and Madison to make it into the Olympic team.
They are the "last five" because the next Olympic team will have only four tournaments in the team, and this is the last year with Marta Karolyi as a trainer.
But the reality is that Turns is an expensive sport and Turner is primarily in private gyms, which are maintained by parents who pay for the training, deployment, travel, competition and hotel costs (for the trainers and their Turner and families).
The majority of these tournament clubs are in wealthy suburbs that can support the business.
In these clubs, Turner receives all her training and that is an expensive and long-term commitment to the families.
Aimee Boorman, trainer of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, trainer of Laurie Hernandez, both have trained their athletes since they started the tournament.
We need to allow the communities of Aun countless young girls, inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie, to have a more affordable and accessible gym.
I founded my tournament of 20 years.
At my events, we have offered free and affordable tournament in Harlem for more than 15,000 urban young people (especially black and Hispanic) and trained national and international winners.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (my hometown) to provide high quality tournaments to the youth who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
It develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body as well as hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
This combination offers lifetime benefits for health and school and professional success.
It is the inspiration of this team that will make thousands of young girls interested in the tournament and that is great.
It is so important to participate in sports, especially for girls.
This is such an exciting time.
Thanks Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for this real portrayal of "girl Power" by the Holen of Olympic team golds and thanks, Fass motivated her so many young girls with different backgrounds to start their way to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
Assistant doctors want to organize further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunts proposal
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by adopting a reformed contract with the officials of the British Medical Association, but 58 percent of the 37,000 assistant doctors who voted in an election rejected it.
In July, Hunt had revealed plans to introduce the contract forced and said the NHS would be in a "no-man's land" and any further delay would be harmful to staff and patients.
The first assistant doctors are to receive a new contract that includes changes to night and weekend work in order to improve care at uncomfortable times.
Dr Ellen McCourt, the BMA's chairman for assistant physicians told a news conference last night: "assistant physicians still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis and fail to treat all doctors fairly."
With only eight weeks remaining until the first group of doctors are under the new contract, progress must be made and time is running out.
Efforts by the BMA to resolve the disputes through talks resonated with the government's reluctance to take part, and sometimes to deafening silence.
That was the one promise that Jeremy Hunt had made only last month that his door would always be open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, lift the imposition and address the concerns of assistant doctors."
If he fails to do so, the assistant doctors have made it clear that they are ready to carry out further industrial action.
The latest strike in late April saw an upswing of nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 schedules, as nurses and specialist doctors were involved to provide cover to doctors on the strike mail chain.
The ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by adopting the reformed treaty with the officials of the British Medical Association.
The BMA wants a better weekend reward for the 54,000 assistant doctors who will be subject to the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, director-general of the NHS staff, urged the assistant doctors to stop the strike.
Mortimer said: "labor action measures do not achieve anything of the little, but already strain teams and service providers and prepare the patients, carers and their families only for concern, distress and disruption."
Over the last two months, we have spoken to the committee of assistant doctors and responded positively to the concerns about the guardianship and whistleblowing with the Ministry of Health and other ministries.
Employers hoped that the continued positive engagement on other important issues - such as posting, flexibility in training, training leave and the gender pay gap in medicine - was a sign of how seriously employers, the Health Education England and the Department of Health were about to comply with the agreements with the BMA in November, February and May.
The £ 2-a-day drug that can reduce heart attack risk
Thousands of heart attack patients will benefit from a £ 2 per day drug after being advised by the authorities to administer this more people for a longer period of time.
The grinning drug Ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated heart attacks for people with heart disease.
The drug is administered for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another heart attack.
The regulator NICE of the NHS has recommended a four-year enrollment to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
The regulator NICE of the NHS has recommended a four-year enrollment to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Some 140,000 people suffer a heart attack every year and a quarter of them suffer another heart attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by collections of fatty materials in the artery walls that form the siege.
If the bag breaks apart, it can cause a blood clot that clogs the blood flow to the heart, causing a heart attack.
When the blood clot dissolves, it can flow through the bloodstream and clog the blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who have already had a heart attack are subject to a higher risk.
Ticagrelor, which is manufactured by the British company AstraZeneca and distributed under the trade name Brilique, reduces that risk by making the formation of blood clots less likely.
NICE's bond proposal, published today, recommends a 12-month enrollment of 90mg Ticagrelor, followed by 60mg with a twice-daily intake of aspirin for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, director of the NICE Health Technology Evaluation Center said: "despite the availability of secondary prevention, a quarter of all people who have suffered a heart attack have another heart attack or stroke - often with disastrous consequences."
Fear of another heart attack may have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
Experience shows that Ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective in reducing further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
Through a preliminary recommendation from Ticagrelor, we are pleased that we are able to expand available treatment options to thousands of people who can benefit.
The information about the efficacy and safety of Ticagrelor - especially the risk of bleeding - is limited to a period of up to three years.
Culture of political correctness allows electoral fraud to flourish in Muslim areas
Former mayor of Tower hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed last year at the instigation of a government report for corruption
A culture of political correctness has meant that widespread electoral fraud in Muslim communities is knowingly ignored, as a damning government report revealed today.
Former cabinet member Sir Eric Pickles verbally blames police, election observers and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse due to "over-sensitivities regarding Ethnie and Religion."
The former minister of integration and municipal government, who is now an anti-corruption royal, said intimidation of voters from religious motives would be so bad that police should be allowed to set up roadblocks outside polling booths to protect intimidated voters.
He recommends that voters should have an identity card to prove their identity in elections.
At the moment, a voter only has to name his name and address.
The report suggests not wearing removable ink on a person's finger when they cast their ballot to prevent someone from voting twice.
Whistleblower should get more protection, says Sir Eric
He calls for the press to have more access to community documents and decisions from non-official committees or working groups.
"That is not just against electoral fraud, but is also intended to protect the municipal government from the broader corruption and financial fraud culture that goes with it," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street as a result of the Tower hamlets campaign scandal in east London.
Last year, a special election court ruled that incumbent Mayor Lutfur Rahman should be removed from his office after a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
The court found that Rahman had "cynically perverted the religious feelings of his Muslim community" and that he had silenced his critics with racissism and Islamophobia.
Rahman is said to have "led his campaign on the basis that it is the religous duty of Muslims to choose him."
Up to 300 votes were either doubtful or the consequence of an imitation in which one person chooses someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
In particular, he expressed an alarm at the fraudulent election - where the older members of the Muslim community had put pressure on people to choose a candidate of their choice.
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the electoral system, including driving out identity cards to prove identity
His report says: "as evidence, it was appropriate to put pressure on vulnerable members of some ethnic minorities, especially women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elderly, especially communities with Pakistani or Bangladeshi backgrounds.
"There were concerns that... state institutions had knowingly ignored such behaviour because of" politically correct "over-sensitivities regarding Ethnie and Religion."
Sir Eric said 50 recommendations had been made to clean up the system, including the ban that political activists are editing letter papers to stop "polling."
The report, which is being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher registration checks to prevent the election directory from being used for immigration and social fraud purposes.
Consider options to ask voters before the election, according to your ID.
Do not use removable ink on a person's finger once she has cast her vote to prevent someone from voting twice.
To carry out systematic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
A three-year limit on applications for automatic mail votes.
Ban that political activists process full postal elections and envelopes of letter elections.
The police give the authority to set up closures around polling stations.
A change of law that facilitates an indictment of intimidation in accordance with the Representation of the People Act 1983 (People's Rights Act 1983).
Photography ban in polling stations.
Requirement that only English should be used in polling stations (with the exception of Wales).
Intensification of training to ensure that staff enforce the rule that voters go to the polling booths alone.
Sir Eric falls over the Metropolitan Police and finds it "amazing" that after the Tower hamlets case no criminal complaint was made.
"The electoral court has declared Lutfur Rahman and his deputy to be unfit for purpose because of a litany of corrupt and illegal practices," he said.
He was found guilty on a number of grounds for sufficient - according to the high requirements in criminal proceedings.
He also criticizes the ineffective "quake controls" of the city halls ' election registration departments.
Sir Eric said: "the court ruling in Tower hamlets last year was a warning sign.
Our country has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, but the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and denial of some authorities threaten this good reputation.
Crazy after Kates cycling doubleheader and other famous doppelgers of Olympic athletes in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio are out of touch this week about French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot except Rand and Band, who has proved to be an impressive doubleheader of the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympionicist this summer is far from the only one to have gold struggling athlete, who has his own famous doppelganger - at least not if you are allowed to believe social media.
In honor of the Rio Olympics and all the famous faces that currently flicker on our screens, FEMAIL has drawn up a list of Olympics that have more than a certain resemblance to Hollywood famous.
The hunter and the wolf: team member of the US team in the archery Brady Ellison, left, has been compared since his childhood with Leonardo DiCaprio
In addition to Kate's doubleheader on the racetrack, many people on the Internet pointed out how a certain archery could be the twin of A-Promi Leonardo DiCaprio.
The team member of the US team in the archery Brady Ellison caused a onslaught on Twitter after images on which he looked uncannily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star.
In fact, the boyfriend got the madness in social media and admitted that he has already been told since his childhood that he looks like Leo.
"I myself do not see any great similarity, except for facial hair," shared Brady told the Huffington Post.
"He is a gut-wrenching guy, so I take that as a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons since London 2012 will undoubtedly become more central this year: the alluring resemblance between British wide leader Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her big, expressive eyes, is supposed to go through as a doubleheader for the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the swimming pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years.
One gear higher: this user believes that Nathan is the "athletic version" of the inception actor
Another persistent comparison was drawn between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who has similarly severe eyebrows and lips.
Russian silver medallist Yulia Efimova points out more than just the sun-baked skin and blonde hair like actress Annalynne McCord, while American Nathan Adrian was attested by fans, a "athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt."
Strong women: football star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have a similar facial form and eyes
Not the only one: a Twitter user was very happy that others noticed the similarities as well
Theory put into space: according to this user, there may be a reason for the couple's similarity
One Twitter user explained her satisfaction that "the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are almost identical."
Indeed, US football star Hope Solo and the Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter have an incredibly similar facial shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile, which is nearly identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as the gold medal winner in the Turte Gabby Douglas, which features its own beautiful, broad smile, similar to that of Bring It On Star Gabrielle Union.
CBC commentator for the Olympics apologizes for his statement that Chinese swimmers "died like a pig"
Byron MacDonald's analysis of fourth-place 14-year-old Ai Yanhan at Dr 4x200m freestyle squadron outraged viewers of the CBC live broadcast of the Olmypian Games on Wednesday
Canadian broadcaster CBC had to apologise after one of its commentators said the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer went "like Mief" and died during the race like "a pig."
Commentator Byron MacDonalds thought his microphone was off when he made his own opinions at the end of the 4x200m freestyle squad.
MacDONALD, who had been summoned to the CBS commentary team on board to give more "color," could be heard saying,"this little 14-year-old Chinesin has lost the connection, baby."
Too excited, went off like Mief, died like a pig.
Thank you for that.
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swept the second leg of the swimming squad 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap with China.
Viewers across Canada reacted quickly online after being shocked by the tone and language
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted," Hat the CBC commentator just said that the 14-year-old swimmer from China " like a pig has died "????
The idiot did not capitalize that they were still on broadcast. "
Ai Yanhan of China was described in the final 4 x 200m freestyle swimming squad for women: "this little 14-year-old Chinesin has lost the connection, baby."
The criticism against Byron MacDonald on Twitter came fast and hard, at which many asked him to speak
Twitter users did not hold back when they heard how insensitive Byron MacDonald was
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: "wow, _SHARP_ ByronMacDonald.
You represent the CBC and Canada and let us all look like racists.
A short time later, Scott Russel, who moderated the CBC broadcast, apologised live for MacDonald's comment and said: "we apologize that the comment was broadcast on a swimming performance."
It was an unhappily chosen phrase, we are sorry it happened. "
CBC apologized at the end over 90 times at the people who responded to the note on Twitter
Fellow commentator Scott Russel had to apologise on behalf of MacDonald
CBC copied and added his apology to more than 90 other Twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
The network also apologized quickly and issued a notice.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that it was possible for them to be broadcast.
Last night we quickly apologised to our viewers on broadcast and our followers on social media.
To make one clear, Byron's comments related to the swimmer's performance and not to her as a person.
Yet they were inadequate and an unhappily chosen phrase. Byron does what he has said, very sorry.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized in the broadcast and tried to justify his comment, saying it was not his intention to be interpreted as a personal attack.
"I would love to take a moment to apologize for the comment I made after the women's swimming squad in the CBC Olympics," he said.
"I was referring to the performance of the swimmers and not to them as a person."
Of course, no disrespect was intended and I am very sorry. "
Shoppers in Primark outrage over woman who tried shamelessly underwear amid business
The buyers did not know where to look when a woman pulled out her clothes in the middle of a primark to try underhoses.
To aggravate the situation, she mustered how she looked, pulled her out and put her back on the shelf.
She stumbled further and tried four pairs of underhoses in a shop at the Bouverie Place shopping mall in Folkestone.
The Primark store at the Bouverie Place shopping mall in Folkestone where the woman tried the underdogs before putting them back on the shelf
A mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was in the store at the same time, said that after the mysterious woman had tried the underwear,"she grabbed her again and left the store without buying anything."
She said: "people could not believe what they saw."
Standing in the middle of the sales floor, she took a pair of underhoses out of the exposition, pulled her own tights and trousers and tried them.
"She did not even try to find a slightly more discreet place to do it - she just stood there, cheeky like Oskar."
"Everybody stared when she pulled out the underhoses that obviously did not like her as she put her back on the shelf."
She repeated the same thing with three other underdogs before she finally decided that she liked nothing, moved back and forth.
"She did not seem to bother that she was watching someone - or thinking about the person who might be buying the underhoses she had tried."
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in Kent, said: "how disgusting to think that someone would take shelter with someone who had a different person and who was not washed."
The incident occurred Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added: "as I have been told, the staff have tried to pull the garments out of the sale after it went - which is just as good."
"I would hate to go home with a new pair of underhoses and find out that another woman had them and pulled out again and they did not wash."
A Primark spokesman said: "Primark is aware of the incident that occurred on Tuesday, August 9 at our store in Folkstone."
All eligible products were pulled out of the sale.
How to protect yourself with krav Maga from gun attacks
The world out there is a dangerous place, but this video from Dailymail.com could make it a bit safer for you.
We talked to Rhon Mizrachi, a grandmaster of the Krav Maga Association in New York, to find out how to deal with armed robbers at close distance.
Regardless of whether you are approaching you from the front or from the back, this video will show you how to turn the tables for your robber.
If you approach you from behind, you should first turn around so you can see your attacker and "get out of the firing line," Mizrachi says.
Then take the gun between your suburb and your shoulder before you hit him in the face with your free elbow.
Then beat him with his knee in the bar and twist, while the attacker crumbles in pain, hands the gun out of his hands, beat him with the run and move backwards while they turn the gun on him.
With attackers approaching from the front, the technique is similar - move your body out of the firing line, seize the gun and twist it, so the attacker can 't shoot.
At the same time, shift the weight to the gun and beat the attacker to the chest, then twist the gun out of his grip before moving backwards and put the gun on it.
Does it sound difficult?
Watch the video to see exactly how it prefers Mizrachi.
But remember that, in a robbery, it is safest to hand over your money - unless you are a krav Maga grandmaster.
Traveler Ian Wright slams for a travel guide his tongue at Europe's dirtiest places
A British traveller underwent his immune system and Würgereflex of a serious examination - leaving some of the dirtiest and most eclectic places in Europe.
The presenter and travel writer Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk shouted his course on a euro note, a railing at the Piccadilly Circus, a sprinkling of a train toilet as well as a public phone in Russia to demonstrate the resilience of his immune system.
Before leaving each object, he used a luminometer to show up and show us what he is going to get into.
But the experiment, which was filmed under the title "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength," brought some surprising results to light.
The idea of leaking the wrinkles of a train toilette, which has already been used by thousands of others, may be completely repulsive, but in fact there are more bad bacteria in a kitchen sink.
On his trip through Europe, Mr Wright spoke to doctors and medical professionals about the promotion of intestinal bacteria as well as about his own health.
Fortunately, nothing left him, more than a bad aftertaste in his mouth.
Mr Wright became known for testing the resilience of his intestine by traveling through the world and eating strange and wonderful things.
From public purses at stations to spot-buttons of toilets, the task put his immune system definitively under a sample
In the film, he told reporters: "as a child, I was relatively unconcerned about my health and I put all sorts of things in my mouth, earth, worms and mud water."
In the film, he lived up to his reputation in any case.
The only thing he opposed was a dirty public toilet in Russia.
His trial stroke showed a luminous number of over 4000 units.
In comparison, the luminous number of freshly washed hands is less than 60.
But there was a Russian toilet that he refused to lick after their luminous number was over 4000 units, while freshly washed hands one of less than 60
Mr Wright and the Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio produced the "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength", which shows the number of bacteria in different places such as the bathroom.
In the film, he says,"that comes close to the worst I have got in a toilet."
There is nothing more dirty than that!
I am not going to spot anything here because it is ecclesiastical here.
"The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength" was produced in collaboration with the Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio.
The company equips Mr Wright with Valio's freezer, which includes both lactic acid bacteria and vitamin C and D to support the promotion of intestinal bacteria and the immune system.
Valios senior Venice president for snacks, juices and new categories Niko Vuorenmaa says: "we really wanted to offer consumers something new.
Something that is fascinating to watch and at the same time explains the benefits of probiotics.
We led crazy brainstormings that ended that we said "Let us call Ian."
They claim that the interest in intestinal health becomes a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about the products, we wanted to put them in a wider context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of intestinal health and how it is linked to the immune system.
The growing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon and, with the documentary, we have been able to provide consumers with more information in an interesting way.
I also think the movie shows we have a great sense of humour!
Tom HAKALA, who led the film's directing, added: "let me say so - I would have lost my respect for Ian if he had leaked some of the things I have instructed him to lick, like the eclectic Russian toilet shown in the film."
Of course there were things where it was easier to get Ian to lick them and others where this was quite difficult.
I am glad we have taken some of these dirty treats on film. "
In a 2015 survey conducted by Valio, 84 percent of all respondents surveyed milk-acid bacteria in particular, with the well-being of stomach and intestine, and 58 percent said they at least occasionally use products containing attached lactic acid bacteria.
Asocial family destroys pre-delocation social housing in Saltash, Cornwall
An asocial family left their social housing after a deluge with damage of £ 50,000 because it had terrorised their neighbours.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were thrown out after a long list of complaints from their estate in Saltash, Cornwall.
After being forcibly removed from their property, shocked employees of the housing cooperative found the property in an irreparable state.
The walls had gaping holes, wooden diapers were ripped up, rubbish was scattered on the floor and graffiti was tasted to the walls.
The family have been resettled and it is thought she now lives in a private accommodation
Donna McEvoy, who works for home administration at Cornwall Housing, said she feared the apartment was no longer to be repaired.
She said: "it has been an absolute nightmare for people here and I am of the view that people do not have to live this way.
There are many things to consider, as this property is likely to be considered as not so beautiful part of Cornwall.
The family is notorious and their reputation is also.
The couple had three sons who lived in the apartment in the meantime, and police said the terror that the family had inflicted had included street battles with baseball sleepers, intimidating residents, drug abuse, drug trafficking and excessive cries, strife and flukes.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease, got an arrangement for anti-social behavior in June.
In some rooms of the house that may be demolished, old garbage was found
In the property in which drugs were traded in the past, the wooden diapers were ripped up
Neighbors said they saw them fighting on the street and regularly called the police
Cornwall Housing deluded her and her partner this week violently from the estate after giving them an extended deadline of 11 weeks to voluntarily pull out.
The delogization was cheered by relieved neighbors who said their lives were made to hell.
One said: "they did not care about anybody."
We lived for 20 years next to them and it was always bad.
The countless times we tell the police here are incredible.
"This morning we could not sleep."
We stood up because it was so quiet here - we are not used to it!
Now where they are finally gone, it will be nice.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Neighbourhood Enforcement Manager of Cornwall Housing, said the family had failed to cooperate with the local authorities.
The family lived in the house, to which the police were called at regular intervals, for 20 years
Rubbish and old toys were dumped on the overgrown side of the townhouse
He added: "it is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for their behaviour and that of their family, as a delusion is always the last step that Cornwall Housing is considering.
This was a very difficult case because the behaviour was extreme and their actions had to be horrible for their neighbours.
I appreciate all the work that has been done by my team, the police of Devon and Cornwall, as well as members of the community who have courageously approached us and who have provided us with the information.
I hope that this development will give some comfort to some neighbours and conveys the message that anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated.
FITZPATRICK said that all three sons had lived in the house at different times, but that they were all over 20.
A dirty mattress left in one of the house's bedrooms after dehydration on the floor
Home management workers will now have to clean up rubbish mountains that surround the house
In 2014, the police carried out a raid in the house and found over 70g of cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and cash of £ 1,700.
Skeldon received a fine after she pleaded guilty to possession of a class B drug in trading terms.
She claimed the money was for a tombstone of her son Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After they were without shelter, it is assumed that Tanya and her partner now live in a private accommodation in Plymouth.
Many room walls of the house were smeared with graffiti.
Police say they will delve tenants who do not adhere to house order
Angela Crow of the Devon and Cornwall Police said that the delotion was a clear warning to the other tenants who do not abide by the house order.
"This goes to those who think they can behave without self-accusation, as well as to those who have been harmed by such behavior," she said.
The Devon and Cornwall Police will never tolerate criminal and anti-social behaviour that will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal panic after a tippling military jet beach overflies
Sunseekers in Aveiro, Portugal experienced the shock of their lives
A portuguese P-3C Orion plane of the Air Force set off an incredible fall flight
The Air Force said it was on a training flight but insisted there was no safety risk
This was the moment when frightened tourists begin to panic after a tipical jet crashed over a full beach.
Dramatic video footage showed how the military plane flew almost in tangible proximity over the sunbathers on the beach section in Aveiro in northern Portugal.
The holidaymakers jumped on when they understandably began to worry about the noise of the jet engines without first seeing what was coming through the clouds on them.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon in Costa Nova, near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the many holidaymakers who posted videos about the dramatic fly-By in social media, said: "it flew twice really deep and there was a moment when it looked like it was going to crash."
Nuno Arroja added: "I was just surfing and it felt like the plane was down to me."
Tourists on the beach of Aveiro were panicked when the plane came out of the darkness and went incredibly deep
The Portuguese air force said today that the pilot of the P-3C Orion plane was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast and had to fly so deeply that this was the only way to detect them.
The spokesman said that due to poor visibility conditions, the jet flew slightly deeper than usual due to poor visibility, but the air force insisted that security was at no time at risk.
Land fires have destroyed parts of the Portuguese mainland this summer, which also killed four people on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese air force today announced that the pilot had to fly so deeply because of the circumstances - strong fog and fire smoke - which restricted his view
The plane was on a training flight where the pilot had to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise
Supercup: Barca with worries against Sevilla
Sevilla - FC Barcelona struggles on Sunday to take the first step to the first title win in the new football season.
The Catalans are competing in the duel around the Spanish Supercup against FC Seville, the replay rising three days later at Camp Nou.
The Doublegewinner must dispense with the inferior cupfinalist and reigning Europa League champion, among others, on Neymar, who is contesting the Olympic soccer tournament with Brazil.
Also missing is Goalie Marc-Andre ter Stegen.
The German suffered a change in the knee in the course of the training, thus settling the question at Barca at least for the time being in favour of Claudio Bravo.
The Chilean International and Ter Stegen have been competing for status as number one in Barcelona for two years.
Coach Luis Enrique has thus far waived a clear decision in this regard, leaving Bravo in the league but Ter Stegen in most of the rest of the competitions.
Before the first game of the new season, there are doubts about the fitness status of the team, which was humiliated on Saturday in a test match of Liverpool with 0: 4.
Also at 3: 2 in the Probegalopp against Sampdoria on Wednesday, Lionel Messi and Co. did not really know yet.
Sevilla, in turn, has to digest the 2: 3 defeat after extension in the European Supercup against Real Madrid and is aiming for the second triumph at the "Supercopa de Espana".
Barcelona, with eleven successes so far, is the record winner in this application.
Ma Long in a separate league to table tennis gold
Rio de Janeiro - The Chinese Ma Long is the new table tennis Olympic champion.
The 27-year-old defeated his countryman and "title defender" Zhang Jike 4: 0 (12.5.4.4) on Thursday in a one-sided final in Rio de Janeiro.
That brings the world ranking first to the Golden Grand Slam with success at WM, World Cup, World Tour Finals tournament and Olympia.
Bronze went to the Japanese Jun Mizutani.
The two Chinese made it into the final game as expected and made up the title with each other.
It was clear that for the third time in succession a Chinese would pick up the single title in the sign of the five rings.
Last non-Chinese on the top Olympic staircase was former SVS-NÖ-legionnaire Ryu Seung-min of South Korea.
Ma and Zhang were left alone at the plate, between the sentences and on time-outs they had no coaches at all.
Those had retired to the gallery and left their butts in fair competition on their own.
"The matches so far I have played for my country."
"In the final I am playing for me," Zhang said folly.
After the match, gold and silver medal winners with the China flag.
The match itself was unexpectedly one-sided.
Ma had really struggled with his 28-year-old opponent only in the first set.
After that, he set the pace at the plate and left Zhang with a total of 13 points.
By the superiority of Ma, it did not develop the expected matching match.
But there were still enough breathtaking balls to see.
Mizutani won the match for bronze against 40-year-old Vladimir Samsonov 4: 1.
The white rusher had suffered a rib injury in his quarter-final against German champion Dimitrij Ovtcharov, who was then in medical treatment, had to settle "ultimately" with Blech.
The Swedes Jan-Ove Waldner (38/2004) and Jörgen Persson (42/2008) were, by the way, in similarly high table tennis.
Donald Trump admits ″ huge problems ″ in election campaign
The US Republican leadership is plagued by massive worries about losing its majority even in traditionally conservative states.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump has now admitted weaknesses of his election campaign in the former Republican stronghold of Utah.
A rare moment in which the multi-millionaire and self-reliant multimillionaire said something like concerns, correspondents reported.
After throwing 16 rivals within his own Republican camp out of the race, doubts are now growing about his success in the battle for the White House.
"We have huge problems in Utah," said Trump before evangelical Christians he asked for support in key states such as Ohio, Florida or Virginia.
Blaming false reports about his candidacy, he again picked up his familiar media credentials.
Republican strongholds wraps up
Utah is usually a safe bank for the Republicans.
According to a SurveyUSA survey in June, Trump and his rival, Hillary Clinton, were on an equal footing.
Other institutions see Trump ahead, but not by the distance that is common for Republican candidates in the state.
Arizona and Georgia are also considered at risk.
In an interview broadcast by Sen. CNBC, Trump responded to the question of how he wanted to stop Clinton's march again: "just as I have done so far."
And afterwards: this will be "either successful, or I will make a very nice, long holiday".
He is doing nothing other than "telling the truth."
If it was not rich for him in the end, for reasons of political correctness, that is fine, Trump said.
Then I return to a very good way of life.
According to press reports, Trump's party should have threatened to withdraw funds to support his campaign, should he not be able to present better poll numbers.
Instead, the Republican Party's candidates for Congress should be given more support.
Olympics: triple fraud in doping test
The IOC wants to set up a disciplinary commission on the case.
Kenya's athlete is in danger after the second doping affair at the Rio de Janeiro Olympics.
After a fraud attempt at a doping control in the Olympic village, Kenya sent a trainer home.
The International Olympic Committee said it would immediately set up a disciplinary commission to investigate the case.
A Kenyan official had announced that the former sprinter and current coach, John Anzrah, had made a urine sample in the Olympic village under the name of 800-meter runner Ferguson Rotich.
This was reported to the team management of Kenya by the doping controllers.
The World Association of IAAF has asked the IOC for information on the case to appeal its own investigations, an IAAF spokesman said.
"Depending on the results of the investigation and the subsequent actions of the IOC, the IAAF will make an assessment," it said in an IAAF statement.
"He (Anzrah) has gone to the doping control station and has spent himself as Ferguson Rotich, the sample surrendered and signed," said Kenya's chief of mission Stephan Arap SOI.
He was in possession of the athlete's accreditation, which was on the list for training inspections of the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Ferguson Rotich was in Beijing World Cup fourth over 800 meters in 2015.
Four days earlier, Kenyan athletics delegation chief Michael Rotich had been stripped of the Rio Games.
He is alleged to have informed his country's money payments athletes about upcoming doping tests.
Media reports said he was arrested on his return at Nairobi airport.
Kenya has been under special observation at the IOC after numerous doping offences.
In announcing the more than 2000 doping target checks issued by the IOC before the Rio Games, it was unusually pointed out that particularly athletes from Kenya and Russia are being targeted.
The World Anti-Doping Agency had put a lot of pressure on the African country before the summer games in Brazil to create an anti-doping law and a functioning control system.
The law was passed a few weeks before the Olympics began.
As a result, WADA took Kenya from the list of countries whose doping control is in line with WADA rules.
Kenya is considered a major runner nation.
The country's athletics won the most medals at the 2015 World Cup in Beijing.
In a series of ARD television reports, there have been repeated accusations that doping funds are easily accessible in Kenya and that there should be a significant mentality of sports fraud.
IOC member Richard Pound last called for a similar investigation into Kenya as he had employed them in Russian athletics.
It has been demonstrated that there has been a systematic and systematic approach to this sport.
Russia's athletics were subsequently ruled out of the Summer Games.
Salzburg "West Side Story" with Cecilia Bartoli
In the Shakespeare year, the Salzburg Festival presents the "West Side Story" with Tony and Mary as a tragic love pair, similar to Romeo and Julia.
With a surprising Cecilia Bartoli.
A musical conquered Salzburg: the "West Side Story", Leornard Bernstein's masterpiece.
Artistic director Cecilia Bartoli wanted to bring the musical to the Temple of Classic and performed a youth dream with the role of Mary.
In the orchestra, the Simón Bolívar Orchestra led by the Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel: "this music is full of rhythm," he joked.
We always say that it is very Latin American.
There are many Latin American ingredients at their pace and their melody.
It is a wonderful blend, the perfect recipe for our orchestra.
I would say that we have Bernstein's music really in our blood!
In this staging, Bartoli plays an older Mary.
She remembers with sorrow at her favourite with Tony, while the younger Mary plays and dances.
The role of Mary has always fascinated me.
First, because it is musically exceptional!
And then there would be Marias personality.
She says it in her song: "I feel pretty, oh so pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright."
So she is wise, of course, also naive, and very passionate.
"She is very similar to me, my Italian character, which I have as a Roman," laughs Bartoli.
Dudamel is full of praise for the opera singer: "Cecilia is a wonderful artist."
It is such an honour for us to work with her.
She is an immensely generous person.
And Bartoli returns the compliment: "Dudamel is such an exceptional artist and very passionate!"
Conducting is a necessity for him.
You see it in any of his movements, in his eyes, it is his life!
It is such a huge opportunity to share this musical experience with him.
We both have a rather southern temperament, a fire, a passion and also a cheerful approach to life, which is very important at all!
For American director Philip Wm. McKinley, the "West Side Story" is highly topical: "this piece is about prejudice and fanaticism."
Today we have the refugees, then the Puerto Ricans went to New York, and the New York residents did not want them.
These are the same issues, and they are as meaningful today as they were then.
59 years later, the piece is still relevant.
London schoolgirl who joined IS was killed in Syria
Kadiza sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join ISIS, reportedly died in Syria.
The lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said her family learned of her death in Raqqa, Syria, a few weeks ago.
It was believed to have been killed by a Russian airstrike in Raqqa, the group's bulwark in the country, ITV News reported Thursday.
Sultana was 17 years old and, according to her family, died shortly after she pretended to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only good thing is - as a reminder and warning to others that these are the risks associated with going into a war zone - stopping people from ever making that decision," said Akunjee.
In February 2015, Sultana and two other schoolgirls from east London climbed into a plane heading towards Turkey and then into a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family has been told that she has married an ISIS fighter in Syria - and, within a few months, became the widow.
Reid says Clinton will remain in the case of an election victory at Garland as a candidate for the Supreme Court
Harry Reid, leader of the Democrats in the Senate, is convinced that the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court.
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since his nomination by Barack Obama in March.
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell believes the next president will appoint the successor to the late judge at the Antonin Scalia Supreme Court.
Reid said Thursday during a telephone conference that he expects Clinton to select Garland "with some degree of certainty."
A Reid spokeswoman later said he had not yet spoken to Clinton about whether she would nominate Garland and he speculated.
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not provide for unrest with a new candidate.
Garland is the top judge for the U.S. appeals court for the District of Columbia.
Raid said Republicans blocked the Garland nomination, were lackeys and aides of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He also noted that Donald Trump was unfit for the presidency.
Treats wants Nacktkalendar for "women and for men"
The Treats magazine is working with photographer David Bellemere to bring out a 1970s Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
But instead of famous naked people, they would like to find the next generation of top models for their NU Muses Calendar for 2017.
Treats editor-in-chief Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude magazine differs from Oldschool-Playboys because "Playboy is for men."
I am doing this for women.
He seems to believe that it does the calendar.
"We need to return to the depiction of timeless and classical nudity, in which both women and men feel comfortable and feel inspired by these images of a female body," Shaw said in a press release on the release of the calendars.
Women will want to participate in this project because it is a beautiful work of art.
Models can submit their pictures online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community expects mass exodus
"Anyone who does not adapt and praises Erdogan sits on packed suitcases," says the chairman of the Gülen-close foundation dialogue and world, Ercan Karakoyun.
In the short term, the Kurdish community of Germany expects tens of thousands of asylum-seekers to flee from Turkey to Germany.
In the medium term, it could even become "some hundreds of thousands", believes association chairman Ali Toprak.
Following the coup attempt by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan following the attempted coup, the Kurdish community is expecting a mass exodus to Germany.
"In the short term, I expect tens of thousands, in the medium term, with a few hundred thousand asylum-seekers from Turkey in Germany, if the Erdogan regime continues to fight the minorities and the democratic opposition," says association chairman Ali Toprak of the "world" of Friday.
Because the government overran Kurdish strongholds with punitive actions months ago, 500,000 Kurds inside Turkey were on the run.
After the sworn coup, secular and opposition ethnic Turks would be added.
Many will want to start again in Europe if they continue to be oppressed in Turkey.
"It cannot be that a state that takes even refugees is producing refugees in their own country," Toprak said.
The association's leader lamented the targeted settlement of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish, but also in ancient towns.
As a result, Erdogan wants to increase exit pressure on the remaining Kurds.
"They are the last large minority in Turkey, the Christian Armenians and Greeks have already been eradicated or driven out in the last hundred years," said Toprak, who is also a CDU member.
The association chief demanded that the federal government "position itself as strongly as Austria against Erdogan and his supporters."
In Germany, too, there is a "witch hunt" against Erdogan critics.
I do not feel safe in Germany for the first time in the last few months.
The German branch of the Gülen movement also fears the flight of many Turks abroad.
More Turks will seek asylum in Germany, especially Kurds and opposition figures.
The branding as a Gülen supporter destroys teachers and other academics.
"Who does not adapt and praises Erdogan, sits on packed suitcases, by the way, the Kemalists and secularists," said Ercan Karakoyun, chairman of the Gülen-near foundation dialogue and education, the "world".
As the newspaper reported on the basis of figures from the Federal Ministry of the Interior, the Turks, even before the coup, represented the largest group of asylum seekers recognised for political persecution in Germany.
At the date of 30 June, this was 11,386 people, representing almost 29% of the total eligible for asylum (39.625).
This survey is not based on war, poverty or lack of prospects.
According to the Basic Law, asylum is only justified politically, in other words by the state, individually persecuted.
Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania: "go where it hurts"
Strange Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: the locals do not get anything from the summer election campaign - and the holidaymakers from North Rhine-Westphalia are not allowed to choose the country day.
In Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, they understood.
In 2021, the election will not take place again at the end of the summer holidays, and the Schweriner Parliament has already decided at the beginning of the year.
Because blighter than it has been so far, it is not: summer vacation, heat and land election campaign - that bites.
The locals, who are to be persuaded by the pollsters, are on vacation.
The vast majority of holidaymakers travelling in the country, on Usedom, Rügen or Hiddensee, are not locals, so they are not allowed to choose the country day.
In addition to this, there are practical problems: during the holidays, helpers hanging up posters, blowing up balloons, distributing flyers and counting votes at the end of the day are difficult to find.
Until September 4, 2016, the last day of the election, Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania has yet to campaign.
The hot phase, if you can say that at all, has just begun.
And it is also about something: Prime Minister Erwin Sellering, leader of a SPD/CDU coalition, must fear for his office.
The SPD, the strongest party since 1998, is now clearly behind the CDU in polls.
Exciting is how much novice AfD cuts off and what is left coalition dust.
Sellering, 66 years old and has been head of government since 2008, is making an almost unobtrusive campaign, seen by his granddaughters.
He travels through the country, distributes roses and chats a little with the people, just as his legendary predecessor, Harald Ringstorff, did.
Otherwise, Seelering has got cold feet and is blaming Chancellor Merkel on the inheritance of the AfD.
Her refugee policy, her "We create that" has accelerated the rise of the right-wing populists, which is likely to cost him the nice job now.
The CDU, with its top candidate, the Home Secretary Lorenz Caffier, has already experienced what it is like to campaign at the wrong time in the right place.
She has invited twice chancellor Angela Merkel to major rallies; Merkel's federal election circle is in the northeast.
But the target group did not vote, it was more North Rhine-Westphalia, Berlin and Saxony than Mecklenburger and Vorpommern.
"There was probably the majority from other states," said Vincent Kokert, general secretary of the CDU in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, recently in the NDR.
But it is also a pity to anyone from other corners of Germany to listen to Angela Merkel.
Otherwise, the Northeast CDU largely abandons the usual campaign stalls on marketplaces and in front of shopping centers with umbrellas and air balloons.
That, Kokert says, is just playing a "minor role."
The Union, too, has noticed that it is basing itself on the land, that it has to make an effort to find a wire to the people.
It is like the left, the SPD, the Greens: there is little in the way of the country.
However, the CDU campaigner Kokert's advice to his fellow activists is also self-defeating: "you have to go where it hurts, that is where the people are: Dorffeste, golden weddings, every birthday party must be used".
Because much is at stake, Sellering has now called his SPD for a particularly dedicated campaign.
In surveys, the Social Democrats were last with 22 percent behind partner CDU (25) and just before the AfD (19).
In the 2011 election, the SPD had still clearly won 35.6 percent ahead of the CDU (22).
The Greens, small party with seven percent in the polls, are likely to make the leap into the country day.
They make a modern virtue out of holiday hardship and largely put their campaign on the Internet.
"Online campaigning", it calls the country's president Claudia Müller.
Otherwise, green campaigners are embarking on track searches for local voters among holidaymakers.
Silke Gajek, the top candidate, winds straight up with a houseboat through the mecklenburgic lakes and still finds it beautiful.
Her impression: "election holiday in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania is not a punishment".
B27-rehabilitation: restaurants suffer from closure
There is nothing to tinker with the speed with which the B 27 is being cleaned up.
There is a lot of praise for those responsible for the construction work, which starts at 5.30 in the morning and does not end until 20: 00.
"They have made it all pretty tender," says Elvira Tetzlaff of the jet petrol station.
That is a super team.
There is also no delay.
The construction site could be moved to the south at half-time by the end of October, and everything will be ready by the end of October.
Praise will also be given to those responsible for the construction work, for example when it comes to setting up temporary vehicles.
Since the construction site migrated to the south on Monday, and the closure of the Aspergstrasse in Ofterdingen has been lifted and the connection to ROTTENBURG has been restored, the traffic situation within the village has been relaxed.
Citizens can now move from Ofterdingen from the B 27.
The alternative traffic through the place seems to go back.
"There were some significant complaints there," says the deputy chief executive, Florian King, who is responsible for the transport management of the remediation.
The residents of Bachsatzstraße, Steinlachstrasse, Hafnerstraße and Weiherrain had to contend with more traffic noise, because many trails were searched and more familiar to their Navi than the signage.
Which resulted in some lorries being frantic in residential areas.
As the speed limits were also not observed, the municipality increased the measurement vehicle from Mössingen.
"There were significant overruns," says King, who turned himself in on the location on the spot.
Two to three per minute have already been blown away.
The quickest was traveling at 77 kilometers in the Tempo-30 zone.
Since the construction site has moved on, however, it has become calmer.
For the business people at the B 27, it is only a small consolation that for customers from ROTTENBURG the road is now open again.
Business people do not like to look in the cards.
But the fact that the B 27-refurbishment has led to revenue collapses leaves everyone who is asked to look through.
However, some are more and some less affected.
Who has less to do with the "end customer", that is to say, for other companies, for which the restoration has little impact.
Even in the case of the car company MAIER, Thomas Sulz speaks of a "slight decrease", but also admits that of course "the runner-up is missing".
Most battered are the locals along the road.
J. Albert Göhner, owner of the steakhouse, formerly crown, finds clear words.
This is already a threat.
Not just him, but all the restaurants have hit it "hard."
Customers from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil were missing.
We have to be happy about every euro sales.
The revenue losses put it at "well over 50 percent."
Road renovation has "thrown back its farm" by two years.
Half of his staff have made him redundant.
If I had a company with 4000 employees and half would have been made redundant, the policy would have reacted differently.
Instead, the President of the Government, Mr Jörg Schmidt, responded to a request from Göhner on whether there could be financial compensation, with the reference that the restaurant would otherwise benefit from the benefits of the situation at the B 27. now, it must also bear the disadvantages resulting from the refurbishment.
Göhner knows from other counties where such a thing has been more generous.
For all the complaints, Göhner is sure that his restaurant will continue.
After all, the family business has been here since 1715, he points to the long history.
He can understand that other regular guests are now less frequent because of the complicated traffic management.
If you can 't drive, it is nice somewhere else.
Göhner has no doubt that his regular clientele will come back after the end of the restoration work.
Despite the crises with BSE and bird flu, Göhner is keeping the impact of the B 27 building on its clientele for the biggest crisis its restaurant has experienced in its long-running history.
Six months of construction work, that is brutal.
It is constantly being screened in the name of the fight against terrorism.
After the recent attacks, Interior Minister de Maizière is now presenting a thick security package.
But what has a tolerance status to do with terror?
And what does the coalition partner say to all this?
Thomas de Maizière gives the reconciler.
All his proposals are "politically reasonable" to the coalition partner, says the federal interior minister at the presentation of his new security package.
They do not overdo anyone.
Other, more far-reaching points would first be discussed within the parties.
I am also involved in this.
As interior minister, however, he is interested in results and in a "achievable consensus" within the coalition.
Following the recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach, de Maizière has missed a little time before presenting his conclusions on security in the Republic.
However, these are all the more extensive.
Something is already known, announced: that a new security authority should take care of the cracking of encrypted communication is not new.
Nor is the fact that Germany has to implement several EU requirements on passenger data and weapons law.
The call for more video surveillance and personnel for security agencies is not surprising.
In part, de Maizière is launching a second attempt at proposals that have not been made with the SPD: he wants to criminalize sympathy for terrorist groups and strip jihadists with dual citizenship the German passport.
"That will be difficult points for the SPD," admits the CDU man.
He still thinks that this is reasonable and I do not ask for anything, which is not a chance for the coalition partner anyway.
A few new ideas also presents de Maizière.
They have it in part: it plans fast-track procedures for deportation and more opportunities to incarcerate people from deportation.
Refugees targeted in the country should first check their smartphones and disclose social media accounts for a security review.
In the case of refuges for rejected asylum seekers, he wants to make some even worse than before - such as those who commit crimes or deliberately throw away their papers to conceal their identity.
Some of it is politically and legally sensitive.
Some also do not work out and leave questions unanswered.
And on a number of points, where there is unequal treatment, the question arises: what does this actually have to do with security and terror?
Yes, de Maizière says it is important to differentiate between the issues of refugees and terror.
But it cannot be denied that the assassins of Ansbach and Würzburg were refugees.
Moreover, many people were worried about safety, given the high numbers of refugees.
And things that people deeply employed could not be left out in election campaigns.
Internal security has been very much in the spotlight.
First the attacks in the neighbourhood: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, Nice.
Then the attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach.
There is a great deal of uncertainty.
And yes, there are election campaigns.
The Union and the SPD are therefore increasingly in position on the subject of internal security.
Over the past few days, it has been high between the two parties.
Only a gardening dispute over equipping the federal police, then over a security policy collection of some Union interior ministers, in which the department chiefs also call for a burqa ban and a departure from dual citizenship.
De Maizière is also looking for conciliatory tones.
He does not think there is any departure from the double pass.
We have been satisfied with the discussion in Germany.
To reopen it does not make sense.
And in a burqa ban, he has constitutional concerns.
Whether his own package is constitutional on all corners, and whether it is actually "reasonable" for the coalition partner, has yet to show up.
There is a lot in it that could cause a dispute.
But the SPD, too, is currently trying to capitalise on the issue of internal security.
Party leader Sigmar Gabriel has signalled a cautious willingness to talk and says: "the SPD is ready to talk about anything that helps to further increase security."
Volkswagen is still getting through.
Despite diesel scandals, delivery figures rise worldwide
But not all markets are running around.
In the case of recall, there is a term.
Volkswagen will start deliveries in the second half of the year.
Despite diesel affidavits, Europe's largest car manufacturer has continued to show a plus in the past year, thanks to its many brands and some well-run markets.
However, in July, the core brand VW weakened, especially in Western Europe, and thereby reaped the total sales, as notified by the company in the Dax.
Worldwide, the VW brand sold in July with 449100 cars 1.8 percent fewer vehicles than in the previous month.
In Western Europe alone, after China the second most important market, sales were up 14 percent below the previous month.
In Germany's home market, deliveries rose by almost one-sixth.
Brand sales chief Jürgen Stackmann led the weaker figures from July mainly to two sales days less in Europe.
In addition, there has been a buying back in some core markets through "changing economic conditions".
In addition to the situation surrounding the coup attempt in Turkey, the British voted to leave the EU, a spokeswoman said.
In the US, where the exhaust affair escalated first, a minus is also on the way.
Great support for VW is the Chinese market.
Overall, the mainly affected domestic brand of Lower Saxony is still gagged by the diesel scandal: after the first seven months, it is only an extradition minus 0.9 percent to 3.37 million vehicles.
Group sales chief Fred Kappler continued to show a sales stream from January to July.
1.3 percent more vehicles delivered Volkswagen in that time, worldwide 5.904 million.
Volkswagen had tampered with a software exhaust test.
In Germany alone, VW is calling around 2.5 million cars for conversion to the workshops.
In the course of the conversion, VW confirmed that the conversion of cars has no negative impact.
After the conversion of the vehicles, there is no deterioration in fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine power.
The car manufacturer provides the customer with a "guaranteed" certificate after the conversion, but I am not talking about a "guarantee", as was stated in the company circles on Friday.
The reason for this is legal niceties.
The "Focus" had reported that Volkswagen now guarantees its German customers a guarantee for converted diesel models.
This would have confirmed VW representatives in the Federal Transport Ministry last Monday.
The Ministry of Transport confirmed that there was this meeting.
"VW must fully comply with the conditions of my commission of inquiry and the KBA."
"Deviations from them will not be accepted," said Federal Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU), according to the ministry.
VW has taken over the guarantee that there will be no deterioration in fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine power after the conversion and that all type-approval relevant vehicle values remain unchanged.
Volkswagen itself uses the term "guarantee" but not, as it was said in corporate circles.
With the broad term "guarantee", Volkswagen sees the possibility that, for example, customers will be able to come back to the new software half a year after conversion - and this could return to the new software, even if the damage has nothing to do with it.
It is also important, in the interests of the customer, to avoid the possibility that any other damage that has nothing to do with the Abgassal scandal will lead to uncertainty regarding possible warranty arrangements, as has been said.
That is why VW does not use the term ' guarantee '.
Raiffeisenbank Gmund am Tegernsee demands punitive interest rates from wealthy savers - as the second institute in Germany.
Bank chief Josef Paul said Thursday: "it is only about 139 customers who parked 40 million euros on giro or daytime bank accounts."
The German Bundesverband Deutscher Banken speaks of an individual case and does not see it as a signal: normal savers would have to "not worry about paying for their Spartan penalty."
Camp banks money overnight at the European Central Bank (ECB), they have to pay their 0.4 percent penalty rate.
As of September, Raiffeisenbank Gmund will require private and corporate customers to spend more than 100,000 euros on giro or daily money accounts.
"The first 100,000 euros are free."
"The next 100,000 will cost 400 euros a year," Paul said.
He has been hitting EUR 40 million for some time, which could be lifted from one day to the next and which he could not use.
"Those are with me on the central bank account and cause 0.4 percent costs," the bank chief said.
"I cannot lay down for every million 4000 euros."
In accordance with the ' polluter pays ' principle, the cost is now continuing.
Leaving the cash simply in the Raiffeisenbank's coffers would be far too dangerous: "I have already experienced four assaults, I do not want to be the fifth!" said the bank board.
Most customers would have understood and switched to other forms of investment.
Only a few migrated to other banks.
The Bavarian Cooperative Association said: "the ECB's extreme monetary policy is causing significant costs at all banks."
To wear it on its own is ' not possible in the long term '.
Some German banks have therefore increased their fees for account management, credit cards or transfers.
With punitive interest rates for deposits from three million euros, the Thuringian People and Raiffeisenbank Altenburger Land had made headlines with its Skatbank branch in 2014.
Michael Kemmer, chief executive of the banking association, said: "we do not expect private customers to pay nationwide fees for deposits, the competition in Germany among banks and savings banks is far too strong."
One banker said that at Tegernsee, there is "a clientele that is somewhat more exuberant from the assets."
"That can become a problem for a small bank" if it hires free money.
The cooperative bank Gmund, founded in 1911, has branches in Bad Wiessee, Rottach-Egern, Kreuth and Tegernsee.
Well-known actors, athletes and entrepreneurs live in the region.
The Bavarian Confederation "is currently not known to any other banks that charge an outlay for deposits from private customers," said spokesman Ernst.
The President of the Bundesverband der deutschen Volksbanken und Raiffeisenbanken (BVR), Uwe fröhlich, declared at the end of June: "the threshold to go negative towards the private customer is very, very high".
The competition is tough, and it drops the drain on investors.
Customers in Germany will not like it in width.
Destination plates: who is actually buying records?
Lonely middle-aged men love plates.
Before you rush to the commentary to sow it under the pseudonym of non-alleys with rough insults, this statement is derived from current data.
According to YouGov, the much-discussed resurgence of records is not due to a boom in millennials who want to welcome the news of physical objects, but to midlife nostalgia.
Those who have recently bought a plate are most likely to be aged between 45 and 54.
In fact, the 18-24 age group is the most unlikely buyer group.
It is also not hordes by hobby collectors - it has an emotional meaning: older record buyers are more likely to keep their feelings for themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy spending time alone (69% vs. 66%).
But do the results of YouGov vote?
If this blog were a news report on television I would follow the camera while running in the middle of a busy street in Soho, wearing a modest grey suit, wearing a modest gray suit before standing, holding my hands and saying something determinate like: "so let us take a closer look at it."
So, let us take a look at it.
Even though the heart of Sohos is slowly losing its charm - hotels, restaurants and offices now fill the buildings in which once independent sellers were based - there are still a handful of fantastic record stores.
I would probably ask the cameraman to turn off the camera for the next part, in which I am in close proximity to various men in such shops and try to gauge their age and mind through observation.
Stuart from Glasgow, 55, whom I got from Sister Ray (data number: two young women, three men of middle age) into Reckless Records (data number: eight men middle age, a woman, presumably around the 20), is a day long because of a meeting in London and goes through the shops to fill the couple of hours.
Is he a collector, I ask?
"I appreciate already," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 plates.
These records, pictured above (he sent me the snapshot by e-mail, I did not follow him home), dress up the walls of his living room.
The reason he owns such a significant number of albums and singles is the result of his disposable income: he is now able to buy records he could not afford when they appeared and again bought items he sold when he was young and plucked.
"A lot of things I buy are from the late sixties, early 70s, which appeared when I was 11 or 12, things where I was probably a little too young to buy them," he says.
He agrees that those who buy plates are more introverted and would like to spend time alone, adding: "I do not smoke and I do not drink very much.
That is my truck.
WEZ, 25, who works at Sister Ray, also believes that many clients he meets will apply to the YouGov profile.
However, he has also noticed a new wave of people influenced by the media pub, people who have heard about the comeback and are looking to buy back their old records.
From the conversations I have had, people usually got rid of their collection in 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their records to buy CDs are now selling their CDs to buy their records again," he says.
That would explain the boom to supporters of the record reviewer of a certain age.
But what about the supposed emotional importance of plates?
It only takes a few seconds in a store like Phonica to realize that record stores offer a reassuring community of like-minded people.
According to WEZ, some of the older customers took advantage of the contactless payment system.
Some record fans feel overwhelmed by the digital world and want to retreat to the stability of familiar record hulls, of objects that call for happy youth memories.
"I think sometimes it can be the filling of a void or possession of material possessions as a kind of consolation," says WEZ.
That is so with me as a collector and I think it is like that with a lot of people.
It is an easy way to deal with mentally.
"We are like their social workers!" flutes an employee from a record stack.
An ICM poll in April revealed that nearly 50% of people who bought a plate last month had not heard it yet.
The survey also found that 41% have a record player they never use, while 7% of those who buy a record do not own a record player.
At this time of the news report, I would probably look very worried while blowing through a stack of Bossa Nova compilations.
Jonny, 42, who works at sounds of the Universe (data number: three men of middle age), has noticed a "trophy aspect" of the revival.
"Someone just came here recently and said, ' I do not have a record player, but I would love to buy a Radiohead record so I can put it on the shelf, '" he says.
This is not a big percentage, but it definitely happens.
More product-laser, less musical.
We have people who say,"I do not have a record player."
These are younger people, not older ones, who are slow to come out.
Fopp, who has devoted the record to almost an entire floor, has a blower audience when I rehearse.
There are couples around the 70, tourists who take photos, teenage boys and middle-aged women.
Even if the atmosphere is slightly less relaxed than in the above mentioned shops - Wild Beasts newest synthesizer and sex-packed pop instead of experimental jazz drunk from the loudspeakers - it is good to see such diversity among customers.
None of them looks terribly lonely, but nagging mental trauma is hard to detect when standing next to someone for 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, has been running around in the business for a few minutes and considers the variety of the plates for sale.
It is more of a showcase than a big purchase.
She does not deserve much, so collecting plates is not a real option, she says.
It costs a lot.
It is easy to hear music from a computer or other way, but the beauty of plates is... " she drives off with a loving sigh.
I do not know how to explain it - it is really unique.
My last stop is a business that is said to have inspired a new generation of record lovers: urban Outfitters.
While I seem to be giving the jeans hotpants to patterns, I watch a group of young teenagers who group up for a moment around Polaroid cameras before a father and his daughter consider buying a Crosley record player.
To the left is a staircase, a wall full of plates of Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: a mix of contemporary music and classics, the essential records for an average collection.
Nobody sees them - perhaps because they are merely decorative, some so far above that it is impossible to touch them.
It is pure "record art."
But given that any attraction for these items means more money for the industry and could send some customers to the depths of Sohos for more, there is nothing to complain about.
It is no surprise that a population group that has more time and money than others is also the one that spends most on luxury items like plates.
Even though my research revealed that YouGov's results are true, they, at least in record stores in Soho, do not take into account the large number of female collectors and record lovers who exist in reality, record shops and in online forums.
These people probably work hard at school or in offices.
They certainly do not spend their Thursday morning strolling through record-setting shops of Berwick Street and leaves through plates as they mimic the startling look of an uncanny, 30-year-old false presenter who rises over the shoulders of nothing middle-aged men.
Greenland shark is the longest living vertebrate - video report
Scientific say that the Greenland shark has the longest life span of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who is investigating sharks, says the record was at a female that is believed to be between 272 and 512 years old and five feet long
French court rejects bid over demolition of shops in jungle refugee camp
A French court has rejected an offer by authorities in Calais to crack down dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the jungles of Calais, where thousands of refugees live.
At a court hearing this week, authorities in Calais argued that the state should be authorized to tear down 72 provisional stores where people inside the camp are selling goods ranging from cigarettes to energy drinks, offering hairdressers, or selling tea for 50 cents (40 pence) or simple meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
The Calais prefecture argued that these places should be torn down because they would be a parallel economy from which no taxes would be paid and that pose a fire and sanity risk.
Humanitarian groups told the court that the shops and restaurants were important because the free meals offered by the government-backed association and other groups would not provide enough food for the growing numbers in the camp.
They also said that the makeshift shops and restaurants would often provide shelter and free meals for people in need.
A court in Lille ruled that there was no legal basis for the expulsion of people running the 72 provisional shops, but admitted that the concerns of Calais prefecture were "absolutely understandable."
The judge Jean-François Molla said the grocery stores, cafes and restaurants would play a much bigger role than merely feeding people who "live in extremely precarious conditions."
He said the areas offer quiet meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
One of the places threatened by the rainfall was the Jungle Book Kids ' Café of the camp, which is commonly operated, and 200 meals a day, English and French classes, as well as advice on asylum matters for the hundreds of vulnerable, unaccompanied minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people signed the petition to protect the kids ' cafe.
In a letter to the Guardian, it said the closure would be "a disaster for these children, the youngest of whom is eight years old."
The two aid agencies Help Refugees and L ' Auberge des Migrants estimated on Friday that the number of people living in the jungle camp had risen to over 9000 people - the highest number so far - after a sharp rise in newcomers over the summer.
Despite Olympic disappointment: Martin remains combative
Despite his disappointing performance in Olympic time, cycling professional Tony Martin does not want to be subdued.
"I continue to keep the World Cup in mind, stay confident and fight on," the 31-year-old wrote Thursday before his departure from Rio de Janeiro on Facebook.
He does not have a statement for his miserable twelfth place on the sugar front.
"I honestly find it difficult to comment on yesterday's time," Martin said.
He had to analyse calmly the reasons for the debacle.
At the time World Cup in Qatar in October, Martin actually wanted to fight for the title.
"I am going to look at everything that we have changed recently."
"This includes my position," wrote the three-time time world champion who lost on Wednesday to the 54.5 km more than three minutes on Olympic champion Fabian Cancellara (Switzerland).
Olympics: tennis professional winners miss semi-finals
The winning streak of Laura Siegemund ended in the quarter-finals of Rio: the world rankings 32 from Metzingen missed by a 1: 6, 1: 6 against Monica Puig (Puerto Rico/WTA-No.
34) the semi-finals of the Olympic tennis tournament.
Siegemund, who was plagued by back problems, was able to pass her surcharge only once and was powerless compared to the previous rounds.
On Thursday, medal opener Angelique Kerber (Kiel/No. 2) had the chance to leap into the preview round.
The Australian Open winner met the Britin Johanna Konta (No 10).
As the last German tennis professional, Tommy Haas had picked up a medal (silver) in Sydney in 2000.
Two German DTB starters in the quarter-finals of Summer Games had last in 1992.
Never before was a German duo in an Olympic singles semi-final.
Group rises in start-up for live video game broadcasts
Watching other people playing video games is a giant trend - Microsoft also wants to benefit.
The technology group buys the start-up Beam, which specializes in this hobby.
How much money is flowing for the acquisition, Microsoft did not notify it on Thursday.
Beam first went to the launch in January and already has more than 100,000 users.
You can watch others in the game, but you can also intervene yourself.
For example, they can give the players missions and face enemies and provide equipment.
The game giant Activision Blizzard launches a new HD video service for the booming world of e-sports.
On the way to the global media event, Facebook is to help.
The advertising industry is already hoarding.
The staff of the start-up, which has its headquarters so far in Seattle in the U.S. state of Washington, are moving to Microsoft headquarters in the California Redmond, as beam co-founder and chief executive Matt Salsamendi said.
This means that the acquisition will not change for the customers.
According to Microsoft, Beam is integrated into the video game department around the Xbox console.
The market for live streaming of video game activities is growing rapidly.
Well-known platforms are twitch and YouTube gaming.
Twitch was bought by online retailer Amazon in 2014 - for nearly $1 billion.
YouTube Gaming is part of the Google Mother Alphabet.
Here comes the Enforcement trailer
Germany's Raser must adapt to the next generation of speed knives: in various German states, including Hesse and Brandenburg, new flash devices are being tested, which are meant to be particularly effective.
The futuristic Enforcement trailer of the Vitronic company from Wiesbaden can be used, for example, at accident points where it would be too dangerous for a mobile measurement by the police.
For example, at highway construction sites or rehabilitating bridges with temporary speed, there is often no necessary infrastructure to ensure that the speed limit is observed with a stationary flash.
However, a permanent mobile structure can be too dangerous or costly.
The Enforcement trailer is self-sufficient: its battery holds five days for continuous measurement operation, and the case data is transmitted encrypted over a modem.
Laser measuring technology can also cover all vehicles across multiple tracks simultaneously.
Variable speed limits as well as transit bans after time, driving strips and vehicle class can also be monitored.
In high condition you can move the trailer, according to the manufacturer, with each car with trailer clutch.
In order for it not to be simply cloned, it is lowered in the measurement operation, so that the wheels disappear in the armored and, by the way, shot-proof external hull.
In addition, a built-in alarm system is designed to protect the flash from vandalism.
Since 2015, according to Vitronic, the trailer has been tested in various federal states and is now also used.
Foreign authorities also flash the new technology: recently, France has recovered 100 pieces, following an order of 150 pieces last year.
Britain pick silver in 7-man rugby after Fiji Masterclass gold Holt
Britain's impressive performance at 7-under rugby came in the final on Thursday night to an abrupt stop at the last hurdle in the form of the Fijis when they were beaten with a score of 43-7 at Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a master class in handling, side-Stepping, relegation, line runs and raw power to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any color.
The defeat was sweetened by the not-too-poor consolation prize of the silver medal - Britain's fourth on that day - and they could well be proud of their efforts in this tournament, in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The Boks ' clear defeat, 7-5 in the semifinals on the same day could fall back on them in the final.
But regardless, Fiji would have beaten a 15-man team in the best form in this form.
It could be a consolation for GB - but will probably not - that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow: Fijis head coach Ben Ryan, the former boss for England from Wimbledon.
GB had a difficult road behind.
Eight years ago, they lost under Ryan every game at the Adelaide sevens.
Here, they lost only one.
This sleep will hurt, but the progress is amazing.
Fiji started wonderfully and let the attacks GBS out of fun.
The World Series winners went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau rallied in the corner.
With still four minutes of playing time, Jerry Tuwai added another attack from the right corner he converted.
12-0 and GB barely touched the ball.
A heaving run by Mitchell stopped the mountain of man Leone Nakarawa reaching a third gate, but it only stopped Fiji.
In the seventh minute, Jasa Veremalua put a touchdown in the right corner and it stood 0-17 for GB.
Nakarawa added a new one since the rematch and there was still over a minute of playing time... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou pressured through further weak Tacklings of the GB team and stormed to the line to make a gate.
The conversion brought a 29-0 lead to the break.
It is as if Fiji was born to play the 7, while GB still learns.
That is how it is.
GB led fundamental changes at half-time and closed the Fijian gap... for whole four minutes, which was good for the conditions of the first half, until Josua Tuisova went through after a brilliant midplay from Fiji.
Dan Norton launched an attempt for GB, made a touchdown in the left corner for a 36-7, but the game had long been in favor of South Texans, whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the grandstand.
It was not hard to admire Fijis's playful approach.
Mata Viliame set the i-goaltender with another try in the final seconds.
The Pfiff tweeted, the Fijis hugged themselves and GB kicked smashed in the lawn.
Earlier in the day, Fiji had defeated Japan in the semi-finals with 20-5 defeats and Britain pushed South Africa in a tight semi-final match from the race - Britain's conversion of the difference.
Kyle Brown brought the Boks forward in the first half, but Dan Norton broke the line with an impressive footwork and scored a gate under the posts in the second half.
A brilliant late Tackling of Marcus Watson, the brother of Anthony of the English 15-Aside team, secured the win - and thus the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired by battle with trainer's cancer to rowing victory
There will be no more emotive gold than in these games, and that is what they want.
From the first rowing strike to the last, 220 hard Hieve that went into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found an extra meaning in their golden moment at Estacio da Lagoa.
Even if it was only those who sat at the helm, there were three voices in the boat, the echo of the trainer Robin Williams, who was present at the second Olympics in succession without a tax woman, the first women in the history of British sport who set such a benchmark.
Their dominance was absolute, after all, their 39th unprotected use, which is also unprecedented.
What we see are two brilliant athletes who glide over the surface with the elegance of swans, which does not reflect the nature of triumph.
Behind every gold in the rowing is a battalion of willing helpers who contribute to the incremental advances that make up the difference and no one was more helpful than the coach who, 30 months ago, did not know if he would survive that day at all when he was diagnosed with cancer.
As he said, he was risky.
I had bladder cancer, which is operable and they did.
If you do not, it is spreading everywhere.
It would have been a pretty bad situation.
It changes a little bit of the outlook.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio was lucky that he was able to start treatment in early 2014, outside the season, which kept the break to a minimum, in case that is the right term in such circumstances.
I needed money, so I had to get better soon.
It was an incentive.
I was in the hospital and ran around the station - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time when they said some steps would be enough.
That is how it starts.
Rowing in itself is a challenge, but that makes it an even bigger one.
In the immediacy of victory, her first thoughts went to Williams, who spent a nerve-wracking morning talking a bit more than usual, trying to process his own fears.
Stanning, who was a principal in the Royal Artillery Regiment in a deployment in Afghanistan, said "I was an emotional wreck this week, which is perhaps something extreme, but it means so much."
It just repeats how much I mean, how much I and Helen and Robin have worked.
It has been three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin we would be no one, so a massive thank you to him, he is the best coach in the world.
I could not have a better person to train or want a better coach.
Helena Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost a race in the last five years.
The pair had a tough rhythm with which their opponents could not compete.
Even in the last 500 meters, when teams from New Zealand and Denmark began to catch up, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
We were caught very much at the moment.
Helen called "stay in the process, stay in the process."
It is really important not to get carried away.
We had a good start and at the same time we were not looking to make something Tolles.
We did not want fireworks today, we just wanted to get a good result, go out and win the race, which is what we did.
The couple will take a time-out for a year before making any decisions about his future.
Glover must appear next week at a wedding, her own with the TV adventurer Steve Backshall.
Now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I did not want to say that was my last race.
That would have meant too much pressure.
In London, it took about six months to understand that I am an Olympic champion.
It was all so new to me and I was so stressed.
It took about four minutes.
That feels so much better," she said.
31 years of exemplary clarity
The managing director of the water association "Veitensteingruppe", Ruppert Göller, is retiring.
The association is regarded as a "Bavarian model".
A small Franconian drinking water association as a role model for the big water producers.
That is how it was said some time ago in the original tone in a post by the Bavarian radio.
Little later, the Water Forum of the Government of Lower Franconia paid tribute to the association.
The work of the Veitensteingruppe yellow "bayernfar as exemplary".
Behind all this is Rupert Göller, who has been a member of staff for 31 years, 28 years as managing director.
He was now retired at the age of 65.
The drinking water association of the Veitensteingruppe, based in Kottendorf, municipality of Breitbrunn, promotes about 150000 cubic meters of water annually and provides 32 places and hamlets with about 5500 inhabitants.
The municipalities are the municipalities of Kirchlauter, Breitbrunn, Lauter, Ebelsbach and the city of Baunach.
There are water supply contracts for other cities and municipalities.
The current chairman, Breitbrunns Mayor Gertrud Bühl (FW), recalled that Rupert Göller was recruited as a water wart in 1985 and was appointed Managing Director of the Purpose Federation in 1988.
"His duties have been very diverse and they ranged from water management and maintenance work to office and organizational activities, budgeting, calculating fees and contributions to emergency operations at weekends," the chairwoman said.
As outstanding events it called the commissioning and inauguration of the new wells (1994), land acquisitions in the area of new wells (1998) and compensation for farmers, the rehabilitation of the reservoirs (1999), the acquisition of a central computer control (2004) and the partial renewal of water pipes.
There has been no standstill, and there have been repeated innovations because water is living and drinking water is the most important food.
In her Laudatio, she praised Göller's faithful, reliable and correct service over 31 years.
He has worked with a great deal of heart for his water purifier, and he has lived up to the water purifier as if it were his own company.
A few weeks ago, as a true practitioner, he was able to present the concept of success of the Veitensteingruppe to reduce nitrate before the Water Forum of the District of Lower Franconia.
He has received a great deal of recognition and praise for this.
Rupert Göller, for his part, praised water wart Alfons Griebel, who worked with him for 28 years.
He is the best water goalkeeper and he was a faithful crisp.
Together we were an unbeatable team.
As highlights from his point of view, he described the Brunnenbau and the restructuring of the purpose association.
The biggest challenge and the most difficult use, however, was the piping on the high container at Kirchlauter on a 3 January.
Here we had to work at minus 17 degrees all night so that the villages could be supplied with water.
It was also possible to maintain the supply of Neubrunn, because it was filled with hoses.
The management of the drinking water association was handed over to Daniel Stürmer from Lauter, who is the successor of Rupert Göller.
The soprano Anna Netrebko goes openly with the autism of her son Tiago - and turns to other concerned parents: "you have to have the courage to talk about it."
"The medicine has made great progress," said the 44-year-old Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera.
When the disease was detected in her son, she believed she had to die.
The eight-year-old Tiago, however, was well ahead and now learning privately in New York, where there are the best therapists.
"To give an example: if I ask him something, which is two years back when I sang at the Milan Scala, he remembers nothing," said Netrebko.
But he is the happiest person on earth.
Tiago comes from Netrebko's connection with Bassbariton Erwin Schrott.
She is now married to the tenor Yusif Eyvazov.
Relationship STAT in Bargteheide - man shoots at life companion
A 35-year-old man fired at his partner at about 10: 45.00 a.m. on Friday at a multifamily house in Bargteheide (County Stormarn) and fatally injured her.
"The man himself called at us and indicated to have shot his life partner," a police spokeswoman said.
The perpetrator is on the run, after which he will be publicly punished.
Now nationwide, because Sven S. could be traveling by car.
The man is about 1.80 meters tall, muscular, brown, and has a gossip.
Meanwhile, police have released a photo of him.
It is a few years old, though.
Meanwhile, the man wears a glitch.
The man is not supposed to be addressed directly.
He could still carry the gun at himself, police said.
Anyone who sees Sven S. should call the 110.
The police are talking about a "relationship".
The victim was born in 1988, the perpetrator in 1981.
The police in Lübeck initially did not want to give details of the behaviour or the relationship between the perpetrator and the victim, but confirmed that a person had been killed.
"It is a killing offense."
"More we are not saying at the moment," said a police spokeswoman in Lübeck.
According to eyewitnesses, a Special Operations Command (SEK) was at the scene.
Steel - A ray of hope for the German steel industry
The crisis-ridden and energy-intensive German steel industry has been spared millions of euros in additional costs.
Financial strains that have threatened the industry from eco-electricity extraction are off the table.
It stands by the exemption from the renewable energy levy in the inventories of the German steel industry, said Federal Economics Minister Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) of the "Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung" (WAZ, Friday edition).
"I am really pleased that we have finally been able to achieve this after two years of tough negotiations."
The European Commission had initially planned to ask the steel producers to use the gases from the blast furnace to generate electricity for their own consumption.
The steel industry threatened additional costs of 120 to 240 million euros per year, according to the German industry association.
Gabriel told the WAZ that there is now a basic agreement with the EU Commission following discussions with Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, Commissioner for Competition.
Only when the generators are replaced in the steel works will there be an EEG surcharge of 20%.
But this, too, is not being raised in the steel industry.
IG Metall welcomed Germany's agreement with the EU Commission on its own production.
This will largely establish the status quo of the previous regime.
Gabriel's successful effort for the steel industry was particularly important.
"In terms of our ' steel ' campaign, this is a first step."
"Others have to follow."
"Even in the reform of the emissions trading trade, climate and employment targets are to be weighed up," said IG Metall chief Jörg Hofmann in Frankfurt.
The steel industry in Europe has been suffering from overcapacity and a significant price pressure since the 2008 financial crisis.
Last year, the situation continued to deteriorate as the world's largest producer country threw massive steel onto the world market in the face of weakening domestic demand.
European manufacturers throw out Chinese steel group price dumping
Over the course of this spring, the situation has been somewhat relaxed.
On the one hand, import duties imposed on imported steel have an effect; on the other, the economic outlook in China has brightened.
It is unclear how sustainable the price recovery is.
German industry primus Thyssenkrupp remained cautious on Thursday.
Most recently, prices would have been more stagnant.
The industry is responding to the difficult situation with further cost reductions.
Last but not least, ThyssenKrupp did not want to rule out closures of individual works.
Some 86000 people were employed in the German steel industry at the end of 2015.
In July, German steel manufacturers remain cautious despite rising prices and increasing orders.
They produced, with 3.4 million tons, well six percent less crude steel than in the previous month, the economic association Stahl said on Friday.
After a brief increase in May, the manufactured crowd now went back the second month in a row.
Since the beginning of the year, production has been two percent lower than the previous year.
The association expects to increase emissions in the coming months thanks to an improved order situation.
Community, mind, health: singing does seniors well
The singing has accompanied Ursel Kipp all her life: as a young girl she was in the school choir, she studied music and today the 78-year-old sings in a seniors choir.
"Singing moves me - emotionally and physically," she describes.
After a sample, she feels balanced, cheerful and overall alive, she says.
By the way, she is doing something good for her health and her mind.
Because singing is a great hobby for seniors from several perspectives, says Erhard Hackler of the German Senior League.
Most seniors sing in the choir and share with like-minded the joy of music, describing Hackler.
Through regular meetings, seniors can establish and maintain social contacts.
Because social and family structures are often solved in old age, a choir is an ideal opportunity to spend time with other people.
This experience has also made Ursel Kipp in her choir: "to speak out and organize, to rely on the others and to learn from each other - a choir is a very special form of interaction".
Singing can be exhausting in the positive sense, says Hackler.
Because of this, seniors train a deep and controlled breathing.
If you ask for your lungs regularly, you will not be able to get out of the pste as quickly as possible.
Even when it comes to getting the sound of voice in age, singing is an ideal hobby.
To older people, singing often has a very special effect, says Ursula Lenz of the federal labor community of senior civil organizations.
In the older generations, the common singing had a much higher priority, it belonged to everyday life, both at school and in leisure, she explained.
Lenz frequently observed that singing or listening to songs in older people raises many memories, often associated with positive feelings of their teenage years.
Through lyrics and especially melodies, even dementia sufferers remember long past events.
When singing, the head is also required to perform a special performance, explains Lenz.
To concentrate at the same time on your own voice and on a predetermined rhythm and adapt to the other singers - this is a great cognitive challenge.
Especially older people, who live on their own, do not just focus on themselves.
Another positive aspect is the recognition of the singing in the choir, Hackler said.
An enthusiastic audience is a great praise.
Also, self-esteem grows by singing in the choir.
To show yourself: if I am long for something, I will get better and wake up beyond me - this experience strengthens.
Good reasons to start singing, so there is enough.
Anyone who wants to try a new hobby should not hesitate - even if he feels to have little talent, Lenz advises.
You are not singing alone - at 50 singing people, who is listening when a sound goes next?
In search of the appropriate offer, seniors have different options, says Hackler.
Singing someone from the acquaintance in a senior choir, you can easily join.
Many cities also offer overviews of the choirs in the surrounding area.
If you want to sing in a church choir, you can go directly to the town or church.
Many seniors can also be found on the Internet.
Anyone who does not have access to the Internet can ask the family, friends or neighbors to help with the Internet search.
Anyone who wants to sing should definitely join a choir, advises Hackler.
Singing does the soul well and has something liberating - that applies to any age.
Cats react more sensitively than hangover to cries of young animals
Biologists have studied in Hanover what effect the rowing of cat babies has on adult animals.
To her surprise, the males did not leave the males cold, but they were always the same as the females.
Female cats can recognize the degree of excitement of cat babies at the mixing of the little ones.
They respond by 10 percent faster to sounds of kittens who choose in great distress, as scientists have found out from the animal medical college and the Medical University of Hanover (MHH).
Hangovers also respond to the cries of kittens - but always the same.
"Apparently, the acoustic differences between the inhibition of less and heavily drowned young animals for the males are either unperceivable or not of significance," said the biologist Wiebke Konerding of the MHH.
She is an author of the study, which was published this Friday in the trade magazine "BMC evolutionary Biology."
In a previous investigation, the research team had already found that the duration and pitch of the kitten cries differed with the urgency of their need for assistance.
A total of nine adult cadres and eight females were observed from the MHH animal husbandry.
They were played for three minutes from the sausage box and separated from the mother and siblings.
On the other hand, they were confronted with cries of more excited kittens, which were raised in addition.
The researchers hold their findings despite the low sample for meaningful.
"All females, even those who had not yet had their own offspring, reacted differently to the cries," Konerding said.
They turned faster to the loudspeaker when that call played out of the much more drowning kittens.
This ability may be innate or develop with sexual maturity.
"A surprise was that the males reacted at all," the biologist said.
In the past, scientists have already examined the reactions of women and men to baby noise on a number of occasions.
Also, some studies showed that women were more sensitive to infants, whether they were mothers or not, the biologist Marina Scheumann reported.
Podolski attacks ' gala ' after Supercup
Hakan Sükür is a football legend in Turkey.
In Turkey, an arrest warrant has been issued against former football star Hakan Sükür.
He is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
For the first time after the attempted coup, a major football match is taking place in Turkey.
Before the duel of the archrivals between Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolski's Galatasaray Istanbul around the Supercup in Konya, the official line is clear: "business as usual".
Even when the state of emergency was declared after the attempted coup in July, the government insisted that the daily lives of ordinary citizens should not be affected.
This does not, however, apply to those suspected of belonging to the movement of the preacher Fethullah Gülen, who is responsible for the attempted coup.
This does not stop before football.
The prosecution issued an arrest warrant against former strongman Hakan Sükür.
Thus, the South American now living in America is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
South Africa is said to be supporters of the preacher Fethullah Gülen, who is blamed by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the coup attempt.
It is true that the state of emergency imposed for 90 days is still in force until October, but in fact it has virtually no effect on the lives of most Turks.
The nightly "democracy guards" in public places across the country, Erdogan said Wednesday.
Sport - like the whole country - is divided into supporters and opponents of Erdogan.
Especially fans of the workers ' club Besiktas are traditionally not among the president's friends.
What unites the majority of Turks, however, in the face of dramatic experiences in history, is the strict rejection of military coups.
Even the fans agree - no matter if their heart beats for Galatasaray or Besiktas.
At Pokalwinner "Gala" it will come back to Lukas Podolski again.
The Kölner in the past season proved his athletic value: with 17 goals and nine templates in all competitions, the 31-year-old finished his first season as the top scorer of his club.
In the final game against Fenerbahce, he scored the 1: 0 victory.
The newspaper "Fanatik" cheered him: "he was the best in the place."
He finished the season in an excellent way and his team secured the Cup.
Thanks to "Poldi," the disappointing season for the record champion was a conciliatory finish.
After the pre-round K.o in the Champions League, the "lions" also dropped out in the Europa League early on.
In the South Lig, it was only to rank six.
The season was not good.
The Cup was the only way to win something.
"That is what we did and that is the most important thing," said Podolski.
For Masters Besiktas, the game year ran better.
Especially thanks to Mario Gomez, who, with 26 seasons as a South Florida goalkeeper, put the base to the 14th title.
That is also the reason fans continue to hope for the 31-year-old's return.
In the case of the AC Florence under contract and Besiktas only borrowed Gomez after the attempted coup, he announced that he had failed to return because of the political situation in the country after his EM holiday.
"If Mario wants to come to us, he just has to say it," said the trade magazine "Kicker" club chief Fikret Orman.
To do this, however, the Stürmer would have to be prepared to renounce about a third of his annual salute estimated at 7.5 million euros, Orman said, adding: "his salary at Florence we cannot pay."
Despite doping: these athletes still have medal chances at Olympia in Rio
The 34-year-old Justin Gatlin has already been jailed twice for doping (2001 and 2006).
Rio de Janeiro - Whistleblowerin Julia Stepanowa is not allowed to start in Rio.
Other overturned athletics scorers can only laugh at this - they are fighting in Rio for medals.
The issue of doping remains the headlines at the Rio Olympics.
The Russian swimmer Julija Jefimowa, who complained about her starting right just before the Games after a doping ban, was mercilessly paused and booted out at her start (100 meters).
It offered a bizarre scenery: with a raised smile, she was still stumped into the hall and had provoked with her appearance.
When determined that she would not get gold, the audience broke into a jubilant storm.
But there are many other athletes who go to the Olympic Games in Rio, despite the doping past.
Here is an overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4x100-m-staple/USA): the 34-year-old is one of the most controversial figures in athletics.
He had already been jailed two times for doping (in 2001 and 2006 to 2010).
Since his spell, the 2004 Olympic champion and ex-world champion runs even faster than before, he is over 100 m in 9.80 seconds the number one in the world and is regarded as the biggest challenger by Usain Bolt.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (100, 4x100-m-Staffel/Jamaica): the two-time Olympic champion and seven-time world champion had to sit down a six-month lock in 2010 after it proved the intake of the painkiller Oxycodon.
She had strong toothache after an operation, defending the 29-year-old.
Sandra Perkovic (Discus/Croatia): in 2011, the 2012 Olympic champion, world champion of 2013 and European champion from 2010 to 2016 tested positive for the banned stimulant medium methylhexanamine.
Perkovic denied the knowingly ingested and was jailed for six months.
The four widest worshippers this year go to the account of the big gold favorites.
LaShawn Merritt (200, 400, 4x400-m-Staffel/USA): the Beijing Olympic champion and two-time world champion over 400 metres, was positively tested in 2010 and jailed for 21 months.
One of the means of pencilling was responsible, Merritt said.
This year, the 30-year-old is over 200 and 400 m the world's fastest man so far.
Iwan Tichon (Hammerthrow, Belarus): hardly an athlete has been deprived of so many medals afterward.
So Tichon lost his 2005 World Cup title nine years later after being identified with testosterone doping.
The 40-year-old also had to surrender Olympic silver in 2004 because of steroid doping and the 2006 EM title because of testosterone abuse.
He also received the bronze medal of the 2008 Olympic Games because of a ruling by the International Sports Court of CAS.
At 80.04 m, he is on rank two of the world rankings.
Liu Hong (20 km walking, China): the world record holder and gold favorite was tested positive only in May, but may still start in Rio.
The 29-year-old World Championship found evidence of the use of a banned dietary supplement, the blocking of the World Anti-Doping Agency WADA was mild and went off as early as July 13.
Bomb blast in Thailand - Austrians injured - multiple deaths
The Austrian embassy in Thailand is in contact with the woman, said the Foreign Ministry spokesman, Thomas Schnöll, Friday morning.
She suffered cutting wounds and was treated in hospital, but has already been able to leave.
Her home trip was scheduled for early September.
It is still unclear whether the further explosions on the island of Phuket and the southern cities of Surat Thani, Phang NGA, Trang and Chumphon also affect Austrian citizens.
The Foreign Ministry is in constant contact with local authorities in this regard, Schnöll said.
In the approximately 200 kilometers (30 miles) south of the capital, Bangkok, Hua Hin was first seen exploding two bombs in a nightclub on Thursday night.
According to police, a Thai woman was killed and some 20 people were injured, including the Austrian, three Germans, three Dutch and three Italians.
Friday morning, two explosive devices went up again, and another person was killed, according to the authorities.
Phuket also reported a bomb explosion in the morning.
A taxi driver was injured in the detonation near the Badestrands Patong, which was popular with holidaymakers.
Another bomb exploded in Surat Thani on the country's southeast coast, killing an urban employee.
The explosive device had gone into the air, according to authorities in a flower shelter in front of the site of the coastal police.
Finally, detonations in Phang NGA and Trang on the southwest coast, as well as in Chumphon, on the southeast coast, claimed several injured.
One would go from a link to the explosions in Hua Hin, it said.
"The bombings carry the same handwriting," said army general Danai Kritmethavee Friday morning before journalists.
"We assume that this is a coordinated attack."
It is too early to comment on possible motives, but it is probably the actions of Muslim rebels.
Thai media also wanted to identify a pattern in the attacks, typical of the bombings of Muslim separatists in the south of the country.
The Thai police, however, said the attacks were not related to the Islamist insurgency or with international terrorism.
"That is just local sabotage, which is restricted to limited areas and provinces," said a spokesman in Bangkok.
Rather, it is assumed that the bombs were laid by opponents of the ruling military junta.
Authorities would have received intelligence evidence of imminent attacks in the south of the country in the past few days - though they had not been informed of the exact timing and location.
It is still unclear which group is behind the attacks.
Police instructed their officials across the country to step up security around key government buildings as well as airports, train stations, tourist attractions, restaurants and entertainment districts.
There are always smaller bombings in Thailand, but they are mostly not against tourists.
In Hua Hin is a palace used for years by Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
After the current bomb explosions, the Austrian Foreign Ministry recommends on its website to follow the instructions of the Thai security authorities.
High security risk (level 3) applies to the provinces of Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani and Songhkla, as well as Preah Vihear and the surrounding area.
There is no need to travel to these provinces after disputes between security forces and Muslim populations.
Increased safety risk (Level 2) applies to the rest of the country.
The attacks on Thursday and Friday came a few days after a controversial referendum on a constitution drafted by the military junta.
It also gives the military great influence in the years to come.
Junta chief and Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha said the bombs had been an attempt to create chaos as the country moves toward stability, an improvement in the economic situation and tourism.
The military unta, which seized power in 2014 after a period of bloody unrest, is benefiting itself in bringing the kingdom back to stability and order.
However, the military has also failed to rein in the insurgency of Muslim rebels, which has been languishing in the far south of the country for years.
More than 6500 people have already been killed in the conflict.
Just under a year ago, in Bangkok, 20 people were killed in an attack on a popular Hindu shrine - most of them foreign tourists.
It was the bloodiest attack in the country's recent history.
The right-wing "identity movement" has been targeted by the Federal Office for Constitutional Protection.
According to several national offices, the constitutional protectors in the federation have also placed the group under observation.
"We see in the ' identitarian movement ' evidence of aspirations against the liberal democratic basic order," said constitutional protection chief Hans-Georg Maaßen of the German Press Agency in Berlin.
Thus, immigrants of Islamic faith or of the Middle East are being defamed in an extremist manner.
That is why we are watching the movement.
The "identitarian movement" is a grouping with French roots, which has been active in Germany since 2012.
It is opposed to "multiculturalism","uncontrolled mass immigration" and the "loss of its own identity by over-alienation".
Constitutional protectors in nine states - Bremen, Bavaria, Hesse, Berlin, Baden-Württemberg, NRW, Lower Saxony, Saxony and Thuringia - are already watching the "identitarian".
Maaßen said his authority had agreed closely with the national offices in the decision.
"Groups like the ' identitarian movement ' are trying to pick up their target group where it stands," said the constitutional protection chief.
In general, extremists try to raise them with youthful language, often with pop music.
Islamists as well as right-wing extremists.
This is not an advertisement for your own cause.
The propaganda is supposed to appeal to people emotionally.
Young people are particularly vulnerable.
This is dangerous.
Most recently, there have been reports from several federal states about contacts of "identifiers" to AfD politicians.
Maaßen said he did not have any findings.
For constitutional protection, possible contacts of this kind are only relevant from a certain point of view.
It depends on whether the respective party - in this case the AfD - by certain individuals who are extremist, changes their target and becomes so extremist.
The decisive factor, therefore, is whether such persons have a controlling influence on the party.
This is not apparent.
In view of the marked increase in the number of crimes committed and attacks on asylum seekers and refugees, he said that he would not speak of new right-wing terrorism in this context.
In recent years, however, we have found that there can be right-wing terrorist structures.
There was the Old School Society or the Freital Group.
It may well be that there are other right-wing extremist groups or micro-groups who are planning attacks against asylum seekers, against refugees or attacks from other extremist motives.
However, a Germany-wide or Europe-wide control of right-wing terrorism is not visible.
The previous groups were created at the regional level or in social networks.
Worried about the fact that there were many attacks on the account of people who had not previously appeared on the right scene.
That is the worrying thing.
Many of the suspects in attacks on asylum accommodation were not previously known as criminals, politically motivated criminals or supporters of the right scene.
"So many people have committed crimes that previously had nothing to do with right-wing extremists, who were perhaps politically indifferent or elected, for example, the CDU, SPD or the left, who then radicalised themselves through extreme right-wing extremism".
Rio 2016: Robel Kiros Habte becomes Internethit
The Olympic Games or world records do not always determine the headlines at the Olympic Games.
This shows the courageous performance of Robel Kiros Habte at the Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the Aquatics Center, the slightly overweight swimmer from Ethiopia was so slow that he could not be seen in the TV pictures at times.
He just disappeared - no matter how far the cutout was selected.
In the social networks, Habte subsequently became a viral internethite.
In fact, the 24-year-old finished his previous run with a back-to-back 48 seconds and clinched the 59th place of 59 starters.
But it was rather his not exactly sporting figure that attracted the attention of the international media.
Why the 24-year-old still participates in the Olympics?
The Ethiopian got a special start from the international swimming federation.
This is distributed to make swimming in under-represented countries more known.
Since most athletes are running in aesopia, Habte simply wanted to do something else.
Preparation is all: Robel Kiros Habte is ready for the big race.
The first nicknames quickly made the round.
Some media described him as "Robel the Wal."
Following a "welfare bite", the English tabloid "The Sun" was funny with "Dad Bod".
His time, he first struck with a minute and nearly five seconds left over the 100-meter freehand, played no role there.
Comparisons with "Eric the Eel" were also drawn.
At the 2000 Sydney Olympics, the run of Eric Moussambani provided media attention.
Unforgettable was the appearance of the swimmer from Equatorial Guinea, when he had to compete on his own in an advance over 100 metres.
Frenetic, Moussambani was fired at the time.
The then 22-year-old first learned to swim eight months before Olympia and had never completed such a long distance before the competition.
A seat at the forefront of the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
Learn more about the history of the Central Library in downtown, as the Society of Architectural Historians/Southern California Chapter holds a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, the authors of the new book,"Los Angeles Central Library: a History of its Art and Architecture."
It is envisaged that Gee and Schwartmann will discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 Restoration and addition of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The Salon is scheduled for August 21 from 14.00 to 16.00 in the Salle Moderne in the Art DECO Southwestern School of Law, (formerly bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Visitors can visit the central hall, the style rooms, the cactus-lounge and the Teesalon.
Only advance tickets; saw/SCC members, $15; non-members, $25.
An open industrial often in DTLA gets a cozy makeover
We celebrate the 90th birthday of L.A.'s Central Library with - what else? - a new book
Geretsried - The owner of a shop in the New Square has been bestowed.
According to police, the 67-year-old Geretsriederin had left her shop at about 5: 30.00 p.m. on Monday, forgetting to close a window on the ground floor.
When she came back the next morning at 8.15 a.m., around 250 euros had disappeared from the checkout.
Traces of the perpetrator could not be found.
Also, video surveillance is not available.
Trump sees looming election defeat not so tight
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event in Florida.
If there is nothing wrong with the election to the US president, Donald Trump already has an alternative video.
He will then go on holiday.
If Donald Trump loses the US presidential election in November, he would be relatively indifferent: "ultimately it will either clap, or I have a very, very nice, long holiday," the Republican nominee said in a telephone interview with the US television channel CNBC.
If it was not enough for him in the end, for reasons of political correctness, that is fine," trump said.
So he called U.S. President Barack Obama and the Democrats ' candidate, Hillary Clinton, a founder of the terrorist militia Islamic State (IS).
Within his party, there was more and more resistance.
Post rises in trade with electric transporters
An electric delivery vehicle from Deutsche Post in action.
The interest of other companies in the company appears to be large.
The Post is planning to sell its electric vehicle streetscooter as well.
Shortly, the Group intends to start trading with the transporter.
The Post wants to offer its electric transporters on the free car market as of next year.
"We want to get into the sale to third parties," a Post spokesman said Friday.
The company has been checking for months whether to sell its self-developed streetscooter, with the letters and packs, to other establishments as well.
Post Board Chairman Jürgen Gerdes had said that there are always enquiries, for example from craftsmen.
According to the news magazine "Der Spiegel", the Bonn Group is about to enter the mass production of the vehicles.
In the poetry factory, the company plans to build up to 10,000 cars a year and layer.
Gerdes had announced that the group wanted to significantly increase its fleet of electric cars and make a complete transition to environmentally friendly vehicles in the long term.
"We will take a very, very robust step towards 2020," he had said at the end of July.
I can imagine that we are switching the entire fleet.
The streetscooter has been active on Germany's roads since 2014.
GfK leader resigns after disappointing business figures
The consumer research company GFK is replacing its boss Matthias Hartmann.
The resignations came suddenly - but not entirely surprising.
The difficult situation of the market research firm GFK allowed the chair of CEO Matthias Hartmann to be all the more insecure the longer the success he promised.
Turmoil at the head of the Nuremberg-based market research firm GFK: after once again disappointing business figures and the resignation of the company's management, the world's number five industry faces a human new start.
GfK's board chief wants to leave the company at the end of the year.
The Chairman of the GfK Supervisory Board Arno Mahlert is already out of the supervisory body with effect from 12 September.
The management on the Board of Directors already acquired the previous member of the Executive Board, Gerhard Hausruckinger, on 1 September.
He is to formally assume the role of a "CEO" until a successor is found for Hartmann.
As a reason for the resignations, the company called "different views" on the long-term business orientation.
Details did not want to call a company spokesman Friday.
Anyone who will lead the market research company in the future is still unclear.
In investors ' circles, it was said on Friday that the disappointment of the further lack of success of the restructuring launched years ago had been great for shareholders.
Mr Hartmann has been at the GfK top since 2011.
"The fruits of the restructuring, however, are not yet visible after 5 years," it said.
Given the latest bad GfK business figures, each shareholder will eventually be restless.
"If that were the case at BMW, that would also make the quandts like that," it said.
The company had also failed to halt its loss in the second quarter of 2016 after setbacks in the previous quarter.
At 361.2 million euros, sales were 6.1 percent below the level of the comparable prior-year quarter.
Related to the first half of the year, sales shrank by 3.4 percent to 721.2 million euros.
The gain in the second quarter mainly weighed on the company's sunken value in the face of its difficult economic situation.
The company's depreciation of EUR 139 million, which was necessary in the Consumer Experience business, gave the Group a loss of EUR 148.2 million.
In the second quarter of 2015, GFK still generated a net profit of 19.7 million.
Accidents - bus slips into crumbling in ditch: eight injured
Eight people were injured in a bus accident involving 43 seniors as passengers were injured Thursday in Krummlistened (Landkreis Aurich).
Two of the occupants suffered serious injuries, police said.
According to her data, the 66-year-old driver of the bus of a travel company Eisenach had to avoid a load of debris that drove on the tram.
The bus came to the right from the street and slipped into a ditch, police spokeswoman Aurich/Wittmund reported.
"Because of the location of the bus, people could not leave the bus independently," she said.
The fire department freed the occupants.
Six rescuers and an emergency cart came to the accident site on the road 2.
The uninjured travelers were brought back from a line bus to the Krummlistening district of Pewsum.
There, they should wait for a replacement bus from the travel company.
Investigators called on the truck driver and possible witnesses to report to the police.
The fee per cubic metre of waste water is from 1 October 2016 for the area of Neudorf/Reuth/Welschenkahl 3.44 instead of 2.10 Euro; for Zultenberg/Lindenberg/Lopp 3.36 Euro (previously 2.26 Euro) and for Azendorf 3.64 euros (so far 2.18 euros).
At the Azendorf plant, the waste water fee will increase again at the latest when appropriate improvement measures are needed.
After an over-the-counter calculation, the wastewater price in Azendorf will then be at 4.37 euros per cubic metre.
As Mayor Bernd Steinhäuser (CSU) reported, when the budget was approved by the Landratsamt Kulmbach, it was found that these waste water plants were going to be covered.
The Kasendorf market is obliged, on the basis of a legal basis, to operate the facilities in a cost-effective manner.
From 1 October 2016, citizens and industrial and industrial enterprises from Welshkahl, Neudorf, Reuth, Azendorf, Lopp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg will have to dig deeper into the purse.
Fee increases are between 48 and 67 percent.
As the managing director Herbert Schmidt pointed out to the panel, a new calculation of the charges for sewerage systems was necessary for the market community.
In the period from October 2016 to September 2020, overdrafts and undercoverings from the previous calculation period should also be compensated.
The serious increase in fees is based on the fact that all three waste water plants are relatively small installations with very low waste water, which is between 6800 and 12000 cubic metres per year.
For example, due to the low distribution base, for example, expenses for necessary repairs of several thousand euros would be seriously affected.
There is also a slight decline in the volume of waste water in all three plants.
Furthermore, in the last period of calculation, significant amounts of rehabilitation and repair expenses have been incurred in all three plants, not least because of their age.
The plant in Azendorf is nearly 30 years old, the plants for Welschenkahl, Neudorf and Reuth, as well as Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lopp almost 20 years.
Schmidt pointed out that in the Azendorf sewage plant, the mechanical ventilation system had to be replaced because of a damage.
In the pumping plant of Welschenkahl, the nearly 20 year old conveyor systems had to be overtaken from scratch and, after almost 20 years of operation, the first sewage pond had to be used, the sewage sludge had to be disposed of and an additional ventilation facility had to be built in order to be able to comply with the water legislation in the future.
Schmidt: "to these extraordinary expenses came the updated maintenance and maintenance costs, which must be taken into account in the new calculation period."
The same is true of electricity costs, which were well below the current level in the previous calculation in 2011/2012.
Stone houses made it clear that in the case of low waste water in the three plants, the cost of operation and maintenance was "fully beaten".
In addition, Schmidt, the market community of large entertainment costs in the waste water plants, has been spared over the past 20 years.
In the view of stone houses, the situation for these installations will remain precarious in the long term, especially as the supply area of the Friesenbachtal wastewater network in Friesenbachtal cannot be extended because of the lack of facilities.
Bulgaria booked for first time in 8 months of inflation
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria in July was 1% on a monthly basis.
This is the highest value (since June 2012) and the first above zero since October last year, when positive 0.2% was recorded.
The annual average inflation of the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was measured by the CPI -0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. monthly inflation was 1.0%.
Inflation since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) was -0.2% and annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was -0.2%.
In July 2016, compared to the previous month, a rise in the price of the following categories of consumer goods was observed: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); leisure and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); various goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell in clothing and shoes (2.2%); furniture, household appliances and routine maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained as in the previous month for alcoholic drinks and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communication; and education unchanged.
Snapchat ' Anime ' effect as Asian cartoon criticised
Snapchat says this filter is anime-inspired, but some observers say it is insensitive to races.
With its filter tool, Snapchat allows around 150 million daily users to change reality and play with identities in such a way that already borders on the absurd.
You can turn into a pineapple, a dog or a figure that could be out of a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
The filters are blunt, self-twisting tools that generate more than 30 million improved selfies per day.
All mistakes are made to the public.
Snapchat filters have drawn criticism in the past, accusing them that the app would promote Blackface or promote white skin as a beauty deal.
When it suggested to some users this week a filter that gave them sledgehammers, false teeth and inflated cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asians - "yellowish."
They wondered whether these repeated controversies pointed to a bigger problem that the company has with diversity.
The news and outrage were widespread on Wednesday, with reports from The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat told reporters that it had deactivated the feature.
The company offered an apology: the filter was intended as a tribute to anime characters rather than a caricature of Asians.
But outsiders who have experienced racism reminded the filter of offending cliches.
Others strongly rejected the anime comparison.
In an e-mail, Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American art student whose tweet was widely circulated about the photos, said the filter was "vulnerable and to say the least unpleasant."
She added that " it is difficult to argue with the backlash of a very restive Asian cartoon and the filter effects.
It shows that the filter is not yellow, but that the yellow face has been drawn to the abysmal extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company to cross this cultural stumbling wire.
American culture seems to be involved in an endless diversity and integration struggle, from conference rooms to Hollywood and the devices we all hold in our hands.
And Snapchat's large audience of young people - who are more diverse in terms of race than their older counterparts - might be more likely to expect sensitivity.
When one of Snapchat's filters generates an image that is offensive to a user,"so it is much more difficult for such things to go unnoticed than it used to be," said 25-year-old Katie Zhu in an interview Thursday.
On Thursday, Zhu, who works as a product manager and engineer for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account urged others to do the same.
In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believes that race-related controversies reflect a lack of diversity in the recruitment practices at Snapchat.
Zhu criticized the largely white, only male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag: _SHARP_ DeleteSnapchat.
"Either they have no different representation of people with other skin colors in their workforce so they can make such decisions," said the Chinese-American Zhu,"or they have people with other skin colors who work there but are not in positions where they feel safe or comfortable to say what is against."
Others share her opinion, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
The company does not publish figures on the diversity of its workforce and points to its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the cultural backgrounds of his staff, but, according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a personnel manager focused on under-represented population groups and on internal integration efforts.
For her part, Zhu said she will leave her Snapchat account closed and added,"I wonder if they need more users like us to say that is not O.K."
Military leadership falsifies ISIS intelligence information, puts Committee of Congress firmly
Military personnel from the United States Central Command changed intelligence to draw a more optimistic picture of the war against the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than it would have allowed actual conditions on the ground, a congressional investigator said in a report Thursday.
The preliminary report, prepared by a task force of Republican members of the congressional committee, intelligence committees and the Wehrbudget budget committee, reports great dissatisfaction among Central Command intelligence analysts who reported how presenters changed their assessments of U.S. efforts in the fight against the Islamic State.
The Central Command, briefly Cencom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Florida, which controls U.S. military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence information, typically sent by senior Centcom commanders, regularly marked a more positive picture of America's efforts against terrorism than it would have allowed actual conditions on the ground and were consistently more positive than analyses of other intelligence services," a newspaper article quoted the report as saying.
"What happened at Centcom is unacceptable - our soldiers suffer when bad analyses are presented to our leaders," said Ken Calvert, Republican member of the House of Representatives.
The leadership failures at Centcom extend to the top of the organization.
The 10-page report shows detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in the descriptions and analyses of American efforts in training Iraqi forces.
Although it does not provide direct evidence that government leaders have given instructions under Obama to change the reports, it shows how analysts faced pressure from their superiors to draw a more optimistic picture of the Islamic State's threat, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, opinions and statements before Congress were far more positive than the facts," the report noted.
For example, a Centcom member publicly announced that a military reconquest of Mossuls could begin as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation, so much is clear," said Mike Pompeo, Republican congressman from Kansas, in an opinion.
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the Central Command's spikes changed the intelligence reports to downplay the danger posed by ISIS in Iraq.
Republicans launched the task force after they conceded that analysts were worried about manipulation of reports to the Islamic State.
The report released Thursday will be supplemented by more detailed findings while the investigation continues.
In addition, further investigation of the Centcom reports is under way by the General Inspector General of the Ministry of Defence.
Democratic members of the News Service Committee released their own findings on Thursday, agreeing with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
"In 2014 and 2015, the Centcom created an overly limited process for creating intelligence assessments to ISIL and the Iraqi security services," the highest-ranking Democrat in the committee, a member of the House of Representatives Adam B. Schiff, disclosed in an opinion.
That process, according to Mr. Schiff,"delayed the release of intelligence reports," damaging the morale among analysts and "gave overly little room for dissent."
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats vowed not to have any indication of White House intervention at the Centcom analysts in terms of a "certain political opinion."
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were published Tuesday by "The Daily Beast."
Last August, the New York Times reported an investigation by the Pentagon's general inspector general, which was taken after complaints from Centcom analysts.
LT. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon press officer, said in an opinion that the Defense Department would not comment on any reports by Congress, while the general inspector general's investigation was still under way.
But he also admitted that "experts sometimes have quite divergent opinions on the interpretation of complex data, and that the intelligence services and the Department of Defense welcome a controversial discussion of these important issues of national defense."
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of a successful air campaign under American leadership in Iraq and Syria (an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense Department members).
Last year's accusations, however, raised the question of how President Obama can rely on the Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis regions.
Critique about intelligence about Islamic State reminiscences about the Islamic State more than a decade ago, when a Centcom analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a document about how, contrary to the recommendations of many analysts, George W. Bush envisioned only a small occupying force in Iraq, and had little time to worry about the consequences of the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker also played a key role in the uprising against the current coverage of the Islamic State.
Last year, the team around Mr. Hooker noted, according to government sources, that contrary to the government's statements, airstrikes against the refineries held by the Islamic State would have no significant effect on the terrorist group's financial position, since those temporary refineries would have been put into operation to sell oil on the black market.
That finding, however, has not been released, the Times reported in September.
Centcoms's then-commander, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, has been criticized by members of the legislature for his overly positive assessment of the war situation at a hearing before the Senate.
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at the Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
U.S. win fourth match in women's field hockey, showdown with Britain
A day after she scored three goals during a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam also made the first two goals for the women's American field hockey team in a match Thursday against India that the Americans won by 3-0.
Five goals in two games should actually be a memorable achievement, but Bam (27) said she could not remember having ever done that.
"I have no idea." she said.
I do not belong to the people who keep their doors in mind.
However, she knows that: the Americans are at 4-0 in the Olympic competition and are equal in their group with the Britons in the first place, who remain unbeaten after their 2-0 victory against Japan.
Britain and the United States will meet Saturday in the last game of the first round.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarter-finals, the game will decide which of the two within their group from six teams will each gain the first and second place.
The first place will go a little longer for the strong Dutch, who will lead the other group.
Whatever the game on Saturday, the American women have sparked a surprising upset by their success story, four years after they landed at the last of 12 places at the past London Games.
BAM was part of this team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and had the first time with three years a hockey sleeper in hands (her two older sisters played the sport at Drexel University), with 16 years she became national playwright, the youngest in the team's history.
She missed the Olympics in 2008 as she failed to qualify for the caddie.
Then came 2012, in which for her and her team everything went wrong.
The following year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, coach of the national team, began to turn things around for the better.
"A culture change, a mental change and a physical change," Bam said.
We did not have the workload in London that we have now.
We have been able to take the helm completely.
On Thursday night, Bam opened the torch in the first half of the game with a rebound from close range.
India had gone into the game without a win in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score from 1-0 down into the third quarter until Bam took the game into their hands.
She completed a sprint with the flat ball over the left flank, then moved to the middle and lubricated the ball into the gate to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez made the final goal in the middle of the final quarter.
The shutout was the first of the entire tournament for the US goalkeeper, Jackie Briggs, who has so far had to concede a gate in each of the previous games.
She has a run.
Same as Bam.
"We are in a good position," said Parnham, but how well will depend on the outcome of the next game on Saturday.
Amid the Rage of the Olympic Games, the Zen des Trampolins
Wherever you are, how late it is, it is the Olympics.
The events in Rio de Janeiro feel constant and inescapable, a racing staple between competition and aspiration.
It is as if the Olympic torch itself is a burning stomach, stretched from the armor to the swimmer to the turner to the triathlete.
You cannot turn on the TV, read a newspaper or listen to your neighbour's conversation in the coffee shop without hearing about Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or the quarrel between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there is Logan Dooley.
Dooley, who is here for the first time at the Olympics and a women's black with greats, could well have been among those familiar names sent to Prime Time, built by sponsors and feel-good TV advertising if he were a swimmer, Turner or even Fechter.
But Dooley, 28, from Lake Forest, California, is battling gold in the Olympic trampoline.
The Olympic flame does not illuminate each event the same.
Further from the center, partly in the shade are the sports that are not universally recognised: air pistols shooting, archery, badminton, Taekwondo.
We will always have the breast swim and may it be long.
But if I can make modest arguments for my particular darling, let me draw attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline.
Although trampoline jumping has been an Olympic event since 2000, when it had its debut in Sydney, it was perceived the last 16 years so sparingly that many of the ones I had interviewed did not know it is an Olympian type at all.
That could also be regional ignorance.
Although the U.S. sent athletes to the competition, it has never won a medal in the trampoline jump and until 2012 had an athlete who made it to the final round.
The Chinese and Russians tend to share the prices of the men and the Chinese and the Canadians for the women.
DONG Dong of China and Rosie MacLennan of Canada will defend their gold medal from London this year.
The trampoline jump has a certain outsider charm, in part because for the unenlightened ear it sounds more appropriate for a clowning school than that for the Olympic Games.
At this point, I should admit that I am not an expert, but only a naturalized enthusiast.
It has humoristic potential - the cartoonish citation of his never-ending impact - but also the grace of the tournament and diving, the two sports that essentially unites it.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish El trampoline, which means as much as "springboard."
Aspiring victors jump on a giant trampoline, shoot nearly up to 30 feet into the air and have to make a series of falling movements (turning, hitting and saltos) before they land on their feet.
They are evaluated according to the official Olympic program after execution, difficulty and "flight time".
Second-round athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete in Rio.
The most common Olympic vector is straight ahead.
Medal hopefuls have to go further in their pursuit of gold, faster, up and down, sometimes to the goal, sometimes back and forth, up and down the pitch.
They hunt not only the finish line or the starting wall, but also, in television broadcasting, another cavalier goal: that of the world or the Olympiarecord.
The purposeful pursuit is nobel, admirable, even fanatical - and it is enough to stir even a spectator to tears.
But it is also what I find to be a bit tiring even when watching these games.
Of this, the trampoline offers a breathing space.
The vector of the trampoline jumper is up.
A forward movement is not the goal.
He or she jumps off, seemingly heavy-handed like an astronaut, goes up, then down, then effortlessly up again.
Again there is a competition, of course not without difficulty, but during the exercise there is no hectic attack on the goal, no wolves in the distance, just the dreamy, elegant lifting of time and gravity.
It is as Zen as the competition at the Olympics can only be.
The women's qualification and final rounds will be held Friday afternoon, in streaming at 13.00 Eastern Time; that of the men on Saturday, also at 13.00.
NBC will broadcast the Endrunden as part of an afternoon block on both days from 14.00.
In the midst of the Olympic mania, they promise a quiet, nice moment, one that is likely to be overlooked in the general tumult.
If consciousness can be achieved only by the angling and objectification of male athletes - as the male US Turner suggested recently, according to The Wall Street Journal - Mr Dooley awaits his fledgling, new fan base.
"A generation protested" in Ethiopia, Long a US ally
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Protesters demanding political changes in Ethiopia met with violent resistance from the government.
Witnesses say that tens of protesters were killed in shootings during clashes with police.
Is Ethiopia in the process of collapsing?
Over the last decade, it has been one of Africa's most stable countries, a solid ally of the West with a fast-growing economy.
But in recent months, anti-government protests shook the country and expanded into more and more areas.
Last week, thousands of people stormed the streets and demanded fundamental political changes.
The government's response was ruthless, according to human rights organizations.
Witnesses said police shot and killed scores of unarmed protesters.
Videos in circulation about the protests, presumably from the last or earlier this year, show how security people beat young people with sticks, while they were forced to make a hand stand against a wall.
The head of the UN Human Rights Agency is now asking for an in-depth investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country together and in the future it will become even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, the project manager of the Horn of Africa International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is the most populous country in Africa and its stability is appreciated by the West.
American military and intelligence agencies are working closely with the Ethiopians to fight terrorist threats beyond the region, particularly in Somalia.
Ethiopia's economy expanded at a considerable pace.
Its infrastructure has improved dramatically - there is a new commuter train in the capital Addis Ababa.
The streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
Although Ethiopia has been far from a model for democracy, human rights organisations have consistently led the government's repression - the opposition in the country has been restricted, with dissidents effectively silenced.
Many were sent into exile or in jail, killed or driven into the expanses of the desert.
But that could change.
"If you suppress people and these no other options have other options besides protesting, it breaks out," said Seyoum Teshome, a lecturer in central Ethiopia.
The whole youth protests.
A generation is protesting.
There are numerous complaints that cover everything from land use to the stranglehold on power of the ruling coalition.
After a widely criticized election last year, the ruling party and its allies were given the last seat of the opposition and now control 100 percent of the parliament.
At the same time, tensions are rising along the border with Eritrea; a battle for this treacherous, controversial line claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts worry that separatists such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, which have been more or less defeated in recent years, could exploit the turmoil and rearm themselves.
Several factors explain why feelings of bitterness now explode beneath the surface after years of gestation.
The first seems innocuous: smartphones.
It is only in recent years that many Ethiopians have been able to communicate via social media, as cheaper smartphones have become increasingly common and Internet services improved.
Even if the government blocks access to Facebook and Twitter, what it does at regular intervals, especially in protests, many people can still communicate via Internet proxies that hide where they are staying.
Several young Ethiopians said they gathered to protest.
The second factor is that there is more solidarity between the Oromos and Amharas, the two largest ethnicities in Ethiopia.
The Oromos and Amharas are not natural enemies.
Since eons, the Amharas, who come from the predominantly Christian highlands, have prospered in politics and economics while exploiting the Oromos, many of whom are Muslims and live in lowland areas.
But even that is changing.
"We are in the process of coordinating under an umbrella," said Mulatu Gemechu, a leader of Oromos.
The biggest protests took place in areas of the Amhara and Oromos.
Many Amharas and Oromos have the feeling that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the Tigray ethnic group, who make up about 6 percent of the population and are dominant in the military, the intelligence services, trade and politics.
The third reason for the riots is the death of Meles Zenawi.
Mr Meles, a former rebel leader, was Ethiopia's prime minister until his death on an undisclosed illness in 2012 for 17 years.
He was seen as a tactical genius, a man who could think around corners.
Analysts say he was particularly savvy at seeing early signs of discontent and using special representatives to edit opponents and make them harmless.
"The current regime lacks this fundamental skill," said Mr Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was selected for relatively obscure reasons to take Mr Meles's position.
Unlike Mr Meles, who came from the Tigray region of northern Ethiopia, Mr Hailemariam comes from the south.
Analysts say he does not have the confidence of the security services controlled by the Tigray.
Many worry that the result will be more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia experienced such a revolt was in 2005, after thousands protested against elections, which, according to analysts, appears to have been sworn in by the government and then stolen.
During the ensuing raids, many protesters were killed, even if they were less than in recent months, and this time of unrest passed relatively quickly.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for their visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new commuter train, as well as for their measurable progress in the fight against poverty.
But obviously this has not prevented the intensification of the internal disgust of the Ethiopian government.
And it is taking a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, an amharic city run by Tigray conducted deals and the hatred toward the Tigray is becoming more common on social media.
Analysts say the protests put the U.S. and other Western allies in a strange position.
The American government used Ethiopia as a base for drone flights over neighboring Somalia, even though it recently announced it had closed that base.
While the West clearly wants to support democracy, it does not want its ally to collapse in an already volatile area.
"This," said Mr Abdi,"is a very thin gratuity."
Donald Trump explains his claim Obama had founded ISIS was "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump tried on Friday to dispel the latest controversy surrounding his campaign, saying that his oft-repeated claim that President Obama and Hillary Clinton had been the "founders" of the terrorist group Islamic State was not serious.
That clarification raised new questions about the communications skills of the Republican presidential nominee, whether he was able to communicate clearly and intelligently with the American public.
It also brings his comrades, who seek to protect him during an eventful phase, into the peculiar position of having to explain statements he might not have meant at all.
After making the suggestion at a campaign event Wednesday night, Mr. Trump rested on the claim Thursday and insisted in interviews that he really did not intend to indicate that the president and Mrs. Clinton had created ISIS.
But in an early morning tweet on Friday, Mr. Trump said he was simply being sarcastic.
The tweet was the contrast to the previous day, when Mr. Trump said in a series of interviews he meant the accusation was entirely serious.
When conservative radio writer Hugh Hewitt sought to help Mr. Trump to soften the statement somewhat by reminding him that Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential nominee did not want to know anything about it.
The last storm of criticism cracked down on Mr. Trump, while trying to steer the focus of his campaign because of falling poll numbers on the economic situation.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton held speeches on the economic situation in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Mr. Trump tried to return to this issue again.
Speaking on Twitter, he warned that Mrs. Clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes and that he found her speech boring.
Mr. Trump has already raised sarcasm to his defense.
At the end of July, he drew strong criticism when he suggested that the Russians should hack Mrs. Clinton's emails, but he later declared,"Of course, I meant the sarcastic."
This method allows Mr. Trump to shift the linguistic boundaries in politics and then back down as needed.
"I think it is one of his methods to test how certain messages are received by his fans, how they arrive, and then, if necessary," clarify "depending on how the reaction is out," said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who monitors the language of both candidates.
But I also think he is clever enough to keep his statements vague enough so that they can be interpreted in various ways.
Instead of defying the tone for the presidential election, Mr. Trump has adopted an even more corrosive tone, as his poll ratings have continued to decline.
A new poll by NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist, released Friday, showed a lead with a big lead in the states of North Carolina, Virginia, Colorado and a head-to-head race in Florida.
While Mr. Trump is generally trying not to apologize for his provocative remarks, he frequently accuses his critics of distorting his statements or misinterpreting his humor.
But, while he has been the focus of attention in the last months of his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump's joke has put his loyal fellow Democrats in the uncomfortable position of having to stand up to him, no matter how provocative his statements may be.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, former mayor of New York and one of Trump's most prominent advocacy groups, made great efforts to defend the candidate today in a CNN interview from Thursday.
"I think what he is saying are legitimate, political comments," said Mr. Giuliani, adding he was questioned about the accuracy of Mr. Trump's statements on whether Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton had founded the Islamic State.
It is true in this sense that before Obama was an almost unknown, small organization, he called them backbenchers, completely wrong, and that is why it happened because he pulled the troops out of Iraq.
Most mainstream Republicans are trying to argue that under Obama, in which Mrs. Clinton served as Secretary of State, it allowed ISIS to spread out by failing to aggressively control the situation in the Middle East.
Before the campaign events in Pennsylvania on Friday, Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the media and accused them of spying on each of his words and being biased against him.
He scorned the "poor, jolly" TV experts who try to understand him and said,"you can 't!"
Some of the Democrats scoffed at Mr. Trump's apology as just one more proof that he was unfit for the presidency.
Once squeezed over price from the market, Café comes back in Greenpoint
Verb Cafe was a shabby cafe in Williamsburg, where you could only pay cash that had no Wi-Fi but served good coffee for 15 years.
Of course, prices have been squeezed out of his Bedford Avenue store front.
The store soap Cherie, which replaced verb in the summer of 2014, sells soap in the form of cupcakes.
Locals cheered it as the last loss in a gentrified city.
The artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter,"I know New York is changing, but I still cannot believe that CBGB dead, the Chelsea Hotel excepted and Verb is now a soap business."
But if New York is changing, it is also reinvention.
A revived Verb Cafe opened in Greenpoint last November, less than a mile north of its original location.
The new verb has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but still has some of the same employees and a similarly simple atmosphere.
The coffee is still good, too.
The new owner of the verb is Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee of the old cafe who is the owner and managing director of the new cafe.
He started working at Verb in 2001 and stayed there until the end.
When he offered a client to provide funds for a new outsider, he was excited to do it, he said.
Rodriguez, 36, blasted a lot.
Verb used the same distributor for the bagels bought the same espresso machine model.
It even uses the same lamps from the old verb.
But Rodriguez said he also wanted to experiment.
He introduced new ingredients.
On the menu are sandwiches with bacon and cheese and there are garnishes such as capers and sauced onions.
There are natural bowls.
The cafe no longer serves beer, there are fresh juices for it.
After nine months, Rodriguez said he noticed a steady stream of old regular customers.
"Many old customers have also been displaced by prices from Williamsburg," he said.
Recently, on a Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was such a customer.
OLIVEIRA, 34, previously lived in Williamsburg and visited the verb on a regular basis.
Even after she moved to Greenpoint, she would take the road.
After the verb closed, she gave up the coffee rink for a while, she said.
"I became clear that it was in the coffee and the culture in the verb that I liked," she said.
Now she is drinking coffee again, even if she ordered a blended Chai Tea instead of her usual iced coffee, which is another new addition.
Tom Rosenthal is another longtime and loyal customer since the beginning of the verb in 2003.
He went there before the work and invariably ordered the same.
"I came quarters after seven, every day, like a Swiss pocket watch and they are preparing my Everything bagel with butter," he said.
Photo Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and add new ingredients to the menu.
Nowadays, Rosenthal still gets his usual order, but sometimes he switches his Everything bagel with bacon, egg and cheese.
Rodriguez said he had no grudge about the soap business taking the old business room.
In fact, the owners of the soap Cherie offered to produce a special soap for verb with the cafe's cold-blooded coffee as an ingredient.
"I think we are still going to go down on their offer," said Rodriguez.
And the traditional Polish inhabitants of Greenpoints have also accepted the cafe.
A new customer has translated the menu into Polish and Rodriguez said he plans to issue it soon, so that his new neighbors feel welcome.
The location also has other advantages.
A local juice local wants to fill and sell the cold coffee.
There is a chance that the cafe will expand to a nearby building.
For many customers, a new verb is enough to get their old favorites.
Joseph Witt was a regular customer and said he was destroyed on the ground when the cafe closed.
When the new cafe opened, Whitt said that entering the premises and ordering a new coffee was felt like a return home.
"I had to smell that," he said.
The depressing food of the economic crisis in "a rich meal"
In March 1933, shortly after his ascension to the president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt took his lunch in the Oval Office.
As a gourmet, President Roosevelt had a faible for refined delicacies of Fifth Avenue like pâte de foie gras and Maryland water-turtle soup.
His menu on that day was slightly more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, potato pepper and as dessert a plum pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with suffering people," said Jane Ziegelman.
Her husband Andrew CoE added,"it was also a message to the Americans how they should eat."
The couple lives in Brooklyn Heights and are both food historians.
CoE's latest book,"chop Suey," was about Chinese cuisine in the US, while Ziegelman was told about life in a home on the Lower East Side from the food perspective in her book "97 Orchard."
Her latest collaboration,"a decent meal," which will appear in the Harper Verlag on Tuesday, illustrates the history of American cuisine during the Great Depression.
They showed culinary solidarity when they met with a reporter at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop for dinner, a small snack snack in the Flatiron District, which has been in store since the 1929 stock market crash.
Ziegelman, 54, ordered a fresh cheese sandwich with olive groves, while CoE, 57, made turkeys with potato pepper and vegetable mixture.
When the reporter ordered Hackbraten, this found the pair fit for a discussion about food in the era of the Great Depression.
"Rich foods were very popular," Ziegelman said.
There was peanut broth, liver cheese and bean bread.
They were made from an ingredient and something cheap that stretches the ingredient.
Imagine eating so many peanuts that they serve them as dinners.
Coe grinned.
"It must have been in the stomach like lead," he said.
In the years before the Great Depression, the table was in an American household, especially in rural areas, an All-You-Can-Eat-Buffet.
Teams of women cooked for male field workers and it was served freshly baked pastures for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who sent food to starving Europeans during the First World War.
"It was a time when food for the Americans became a central, tense issue," CoE begged, why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
Equally tense was the new budget diet: mysterious dishes such as broth and casserolls became staple foods, the casserole as "wonderful way to recycle food," noted Ziegelman, as cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit has been replaced by cheaper dry fruit.
Meat, which has been the center of American cuisine for years, became a rarely served luxury.
Strange mixtures were tried, as a calorie rich and nutritious satisfaction took precedence over taste or even healthy cuisine.
During her research for the book, which also includes recipes, Ziegelman prepared a dish from that era, baked onions with peanut butter.
"It was not a popular addition at lunch," says Coe.
Ziegelmann continues: "it was surreal."
Peanut butter and baked onions do not match each other.
It was typical for many of the house economic recipes.
As never before, or ever since, budget economists - including Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943 - were so keen on the country's eating habits.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become "budget politicians" and meet the challenge of turning Pampe like creamy spaghetti with carrots into delicious meals.
"A Square Meal" is a celebration of historical delicacies.
Especially tasty are the reports of the government's response to the starving citizens, such as President Herbert Hoover's Lass-mich-cake-eating attitude.
While he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse kitchen of his kitchen, he dined like the million-strong man of world to which he has become.
"He liked continental cuisine like fish with Gurkensauce," said Coe.
He ate in an almost gold-plated dining room and wore a Smoking.
He was wonderfully unrealistic.
President Roosevelt might have made the same mistake if not his wife Eleanor had asked him to set an example with his stomach.
As described in the book, the hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavors by Ms. Roosevelt meant that the White House produced the most boring food in Washington, but also one of the most dismal. "
Many of the species from the Great Depression era to deal with food was discarded as soon as the country got back on its feet.
The legacy is based on our continuing focus on calories and food, said Ziegelman, as well as how science was applied to food.
The couple gave a better understanding of the eating habits of Ziegelman's mother-in-law when writing the book - for example, how they could not throw away food.
"She had a real fear of wasting food," said CoE.
Ziegelman recalled,"she made people really sick."
There was the windbag incident.
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg, they and CoE drew a dessert that they had prepared at home: the plum dessert that President Roosevelt ate at lunchtime.
"It is called prune whip," said Ziegelman and added that it was a usual trick to miss modest recipes a send name.
There were no battered cream, just plums, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Each appeared somewhat reluctant to have a spoon in the tough, brown glibber.
Amazingly, it was not bad.
CoE picked up an aftershock three times.
Like a Can-Do buddy, he said to his wife,"A couple of chopped walnuts would help."
Killed in bomb attack: he was the hero of Aleppo
He put his own life at risk to help others: Khaled Omar.
He was the hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar dedicated his life to the people of Syria.
He risked everything to save others ' lives.
Now the 30-year-old himself has died in a Fassbomb attack by the Assad regime.
Omar was a member of the White Helmets, a civil protection group that, according to the Bild newspaper, has saved nearly 60 000 lives so far.
2900 volunteers put their own lives at risk to pull people out of bombed homes and to provide first aid in the war zone.
They are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar was the face of the group: a video of the Civil Guard showing him in an 11-hour rescue of a baby from the rubble of a house went around the world in 2014.
It made the Syrians a shining symbol in the horror of war.
As a hero, however, he never saw himself, saying, according to the picture,"for me, that is the real jihad."
"If I am dying to save lives, I think God sees in me a martyr."
Shortly before Omar himself fell victim to an attack, he had spoken in a video about the latest bombing in Syria.
Helicopters dropped four barrel bombs over the Alzadia district, one was filled with chlorine gas.
A woman and two children died, seven people were suffering from breathing.
"We are now eliminating the poisonous remains of the bomb, lest children play with it," the Bild quoted his last words before he died.
The Assad regime's deadly bomb was supposed to hit terrorists.
Greenland shark: the oldest vertebrate is nearly 400 years old
Rare sight.
Greenland sharks usually only come to the surface in winter.
This shark was allowed back into the sea after an investigation on board the research vessel Sanna.
He was born in 1624 and swims with well a 1 km/h through the North Atlantic - to this day.
Greenland sharks only get young people with 150 years of age.
The Greenland shark boils down at the bottom of the North Atlantic, and in an hour, on average, it is just 1,220 metres far.
Only when it arrives, the five-metre long animal speeds up to a saturated 2.6 km/h - and is half as fast with this maximum speed as a seal.
This lonely lifestyle, however, seems to be a patent recipe for a high age.
Julius Nielsen of the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues report in the journal "science", in any case, from a Greenland shark that could be 392 years old.
"Madness," said Alexander Scheuerlein of the Max Planck Institute of demographic research in Rostock, this life span, which means a world record for vertebrates.
Of course, the evolutionary biologist has long suspected that Greenland sharks will be staged.
Just lacked the evidence.
Greenland sharks are hard to observe, after all they live in the ice sea in front of the sparsely populated coasts of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Spitsbergen.
Because they prefer water temperatures around the six degrees Celsius, they tend to dip on the surface only in winter.
Researchers know little about the lifestyle of the Greenland sharks.
They were at a time when they had six animals with a transmitter in front of Spitsbergen.
Looters do this sharks anyway: in the stomach of an animal, researchers found the remains of a seal, another had swallowed the jaw of a young polar bear.
They may hunt down sleeping animals or patrol at the bottom of the ice sea and look for carcasses that tore down from higher water layers.
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues now studied 28 Greenland sharks, which caught fishermen between 2010 and 2013 before Greenland or Spitsbergen as a by-catch from the depths of the North Atlantic.
The smallest shark was just 81 centimeters long, while the largest 502 centimeter measured.
To determine the age of the animals, they analyzed the lineage of the sharks using the carbon 14 method.
This center of the eye lens is created even before the birth of the sharks, the proteins contained in it are not renewed later.
The two smallest sharks had striking a lot of carbon-14 in the linescore.
Their birth should therefore be after the early 1960 ' s, when nuclear weapons tests brought greater quantities of this radioactive carbon into the atmosphere.
On the other hand, in the 220 centimetres of the third smallest animal, the nucleus contained a small surplus of carbon 14 from the nuclear weapons tests, so it should have celebrated its 50th birthday during its investigation in 2012.
In contrast, all the larger Greenland sharks had normal carbon-14 volumes in their lineage, resulting from cosmic radiation in the atmosphere.
In fact, the carbon 14-watch for a 493 centimeter long Greenland shark showed an age of 335, while the record shark with 502 centimeters is likely to be 392 years old.
The fact that Greenland females only get young people when they are longer than four metres was well known.
Now the researchers of the length have been able to assign an age.
Since one of the animals with 392 centimetres was probably on the brink of sexual maturity and their age was determined at 156 years of age, Greenland sharks are apparently allowed at least one and a half centuries.
This, too, is likely to be the world record for vertebrates.
It is no coincidence that such methusaleme is mainly living in icy waters.
Also, the previous record holder, a 211-year-old Greenland whale, in whose bacon at the neck was a 120-year-old harpoon tip, was caught before Alaska.
The low temperatures often include the organism of the animals living there.
So they mature later - and aging more slowly.
In order to keep warm in cold water, the animals are often particularly large.
Because the volume grows much faster than its surface, through which the animal loses heat.
The heat loss of a gram mouse is therefore much greater than with a gram of elephant.
Another advantage: they have fewer enemies.
"So a smaller animal lives more dangerous and should concentrate on having as many offspring as possible as early as possible," explains the evolutionary biologist Scheuerlein.
A very large animal, on the other hand, should invest its resources in a long life.
Building ground in double pack
With issues surrounding construction, the local council has focused on the most recent meeting.
With relief, the panel adopted Mayor Robert Putz's message that "at last the marketing of the recently designated residential area can begin."
After clearing the land, parking and development issues and making the applications for surveying, the sale of the plots of land in the residential areas "Road" and "Schönau-West" (Binderstraße - Explanation section 1) is no longer in the process of being sold.
The local council is convinced that the buildings in the rural and quiet residential community of Schönau address young families and mature seniors alike.
As it was said, developers can now sign up at City Hall, the awarding of the parcels is expected to be discussed by the local council at its September meeting.
In order to be able to respond to requests for the settlement of further businesses, linked to the creation of jobs, the Municipal Council decided to amend the land use plan, which was first created in spring this year.
In the area of Untertimlarn, the industrial area already designated there will be extended by two parcels in the direction of the state road 2112.
Frankfurt benefits from Brexit
So, in competition with Paris, Dublin, and Luxembourg, the city of Main has the best chance of attracting jobs and firms relocating from London.
"It is very likely that Frankfurt will benefit most from the Brexit vote," says Michael Voigtländer, head of the IW's financial markets and real estate markets.
After the Brexit referendum, it is uncertain whether money houses can continue to run from London to financial transactions across the EU.
For the so-called EU passport, they have been granted authorisation in the United Kingdom.
That is what large US banks are using.
Several banks have already announced to relocate jobs.
The lobbying association "Frankfurt Main Finance" anticipates 10000 new jobs in the Main within five years.
For Frankfurt, IW, the headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB), which combines responsibility for monetary policy and supervision of the eurozone's largest banks, as well as other key authorities such as the European insurance supervisor EIOPA and the ESRB risk council.
In Paris, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has its headquarters, but it is less important for the financial industry than the ECB.
"Proximity to the central bank is important for banks as they can communicate directly with oversight," says IMF professor Voigtländer.
Luxembourg is a large fund industry, but, like Dublin, it is worse off in terms of infrastructure.
Frankfurt is much easier to reach thanks to the large airport.
Furthermore, the city with easily available commercial real estate.
"In Paris, it is not so easy to find free high-quality offices," says Voigtländer.
At the Seine, rents for first-class commercial real estate are 50 percent higher than in the Main.
In addition, Frankfurt offers a higher quality of life than competition, thanks to good medical care and infrastructure, as well as less crime.
In a ranking of business consultancy Mercer, the city stands at No. seven, Luxembourg at No. 19, Dublin at No. 33 and Paris in 37th place.
Even if quality of life is a question of preferences: "with its already strong position as a financial location for the European internal market, Frankfurt could attract more banks and investors," the IW concludes.
But, despite Brexit's vote, London will remain the most important financial center in Europe, economic researchers say.
This is also true of the balance of power: in London, according to the figures of Landesbank Helaba, around 144000 people worked in the banking industry at the end of 2015; in Frankfurt it was 62500.
Gilead receives legal costs from hepatitis C patent dispute with Merck
A US judge ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to reimbursement of the legal costs it incurred from the Hepatits C litigation with pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was freed from a $200 million compensation payment for violating two patents of Merck and Harvoni of Gilead, after a U.S. judge discovered a pattern of misconduct by Mercks, including the Meineides and other unethical acts.
In elevating the lawsuit filed Thursday, U.S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said Gilead is entitled to enactment of the charges incurred during the defense of the case.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead, which dominates the market of a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure more than 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case dates back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck complained to each other and took ownership of laboratory work involving Sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's medications.
U.S.-backed troops say they have regained full control of Manbij from Islamic State
U.S.-backed troops have regained full control of the northern town of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last IS fighters in the city left them, a spokesman for the group said Friday.
The Democratic Forces of Syria (DKS) are now combing the city after the excerpt of the remaining group of fighters buried inside the city.
They freed more than 2,000 civilians held hostage by the fighters, Sharfan Darwish of the Manbij military council with the DKS told Reuters.
"The city is now under complete control, but we are currently conducting clean-up operations," he told Reuters.
Clintons earn 10.75 million in 2015 and pay 34.2% federal taxes
Hillary Clinton released her tax return for 2015 on Friday, delivering an income of $10.75 million and an effective federal tax rate of 34.2% for the Democrats ' presidential candidacy and her husband.
In 2015, the Clintons donated $1 million for charitable purposes, mainly to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton earned nearly $5.3 million in Redehonorars; the former secretary of state gave an income of $3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book about her tenure at the State Department.
Clinton's candidate for the vice presidency, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife Anne Holton, published his tax returns of the past decade.
They paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3% in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set standards in terms of financial transparency," gave Clinton's campaign hero Jennifer Palmieri in an opinion.
In a stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind false excuses and backers on his previous promises to publish his tax returns.
It is common for US presidential candidates to publish their tax returns, even though they are not obliged to do so by law.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited a tax audit by the tax authorities as a reason for his refusal.
"They are on the train," Clinton campaign aide Ian SAMS wrote on Twitter, referring to the release of the Democrats ' presidential candidacy.
On Thursday, Michael Cohen, Trump's special adviser, told CNN that he would not allow Trump to publish anything before the tax audits are not completed.
Trump's critics, including the 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, have already said that his refusal raises questions about wealth, his donations to charitable organizations, his business practices, and various other connections, especially with Russia.
Clinton has already cracked down on the issue and released a video on the Internet on Friday in which high-profile Republicans are urging Trump to release his tax return.
On Thursday, she also addressed the issue during a speech to the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate has done in recent decades and publish his tax returns," she said to the crowd.
Politico has reported that Trump paid no or very little tax during the 1990s for two years, and a New York Times economics journalist quoted a number of tax lawyers and tax advisors on Friday, saying that could still be the case.
Federal taxes have become an issue in the election campaign.
Clinton supports a settlement named after the billionaire and investor Warren Buffett, who would ensure that people earning more than $1 million pay a tax cut of at least 30%.
President Obama also supports the proposal.
During a campaign event for Hillary Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska called for Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway industrial conglomerate has his seat here, to exchange Trump for a meeting on their tax returns.
Buffett said he was also subjected to a tax audit of the IRS and Trump was "afraid" of the voters, not the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has scaled back tax returns until 2007.
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an effective federal tax rate of about 32% between 2007 and 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of about 40.5%.
Clinton's 2015 tax return showed that those only paid $100 of their income as a wage, unlike the bulk of all Americans.
Their main investment was a low-cost index fund, from which Clinton's dividends and earnings of $109,000 were taxed.
With contributions by Kevin Drawbaugh; editing by Jonathan Otis
Condoms with Chilipuder, fireworks promote Tanzanian elephant protection
Nature conservationists in Tanzania use an unorthodox way to stop elephants from going into settlements inhabited by humans - they throw condoms at them filled with chilipuder.
The method has proven to be effective, and the Honeyguide Foundation, which had the idea to do so years ago, has intensified its promotion by training volunteers in villages in northern Tanzania to use a nonviolent four-step method to protect their homes and crops without injuring animals.
Previously, many spears used to defend themselves.
Friday is world telephone day dedicated to animal welfare.
"Since we developed the... toolkit, we have been able to observe a change in attitude within these communities, making them much more confident that they can keep the elephants from their fields without harming the elephant," said Honeyguide's managing director Damian Bell in a statement.
The first two steps include the lighting of the elephant with a torch and the blistering into a horn.
If he is not deterred, a so-called "Chiliwolke" will be thrown.
Chilipuder mixed with earth is packed together with a fireworks body into a condom, the end of which is turned down to the ignition.
When it is ignited, the condom bursts with a bang and sprints fine dust to Chilipuder into the air.
A whiff quite usually already out to chase the elephant.
One last possibility is an advertiser that shoots a golfing fireworks into the air, causing a loud, bright explosion.
City Council decides unanimously: no Kioskneubau at St. Goarer Rheinufer
Normally, the merchants ' St. Goarer's investment projects with Kusshand – in particular the retail sector in the core city – are clearly expanding.
However, the City Council now unanimously rejected the request for the construction of a sales kiosk on the Rhine shore in the immediate vicinity of the Rheinbalkons under construction.
"Basically we welcome new traders, but at this location in exposed location on the Rhine river, this kiosk does not fit in," said Michael Hubrath for the CDU faction.
Jewish director crushed Berlin hotel because Israeli pre-election was removed after ' Arab ' call - RT News
A French director with Jewish roots unleashed a media revolt after he had betrayed that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin did not list Israeli pre-selection as it asked Arab guests, according to an employee. "
Claude Lanzmann, author of the Holocaust documentary "Shoah", left his anger at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin by writing an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During his last stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the hotel's country selection list.
The country, however, was not listed among the countries that can be called directly from the hotel room.
How is it possible in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and deleted?
Wrote Lanzmann.
Instead, the Kempinksi Bristol offers a way to select Israel via its own call center.
After a statement, the director turned to the hotel reception.
The answer he received there,"shocked him," Lanzmann wrote.
The hotel employee said the measure was a "deliberate decision by the management of the Kempinski hotels."
The reason behind it sparked even more fury in the director.
"The bulk of our guests are Arabs and they have demanded that the preselection be deleted," Lanzmann's employee was quoted as saying.
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called this a "great shame," the Süddeutsche Zeitung reported.
We were appalled and dismayed by this event.
This is really very shameful.
The fact that this has happened in Germany in exactly this hotel chain is even more shameful.
That does not require any explanation.
We expect the hotel "to draw the right conclusions," said the official.
The incident caused quite a lot of resonance on the Internet, in which people called the whole thing a scandal.
Some told the Kempinski Hotel that it had "succumbed to the alleged calls of Arab guests."
"Shame on you," it said in another post, noting that the hotel, located at the noble Kurfürstendamm, is near a synagogue.
The hotel quickly dismissed all allegations of itself and called the incident an "oversight" and "apologized" at Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reported.
" There has never been a direct statement " not to include Israel in the Quick List," quoting the Süddeutsche Zeitung a spokesman for the Kempinski Hotel.
It adds that the country selection has now been added.
Police deploy tear gas & rubber floors against protesting Brazilian students
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against the government's reforms for the public education system.
Police set up tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
The trouble began when police officers tried to disperse the students, causing the police to use rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstrations to express their dismay over the plans.
According to the proposals of the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, slightly fewer than 100 public schools will be closed, while 300,000 students will be implemented to save money.
Some of the protest participants saw graffiti against interim President Michel Temer sprayed on walls.
The latest protests occurred a few days after demonstrators in crowds took to the streets to support the suspended President Dilma Rousseff, who had been removed from office by a Senate vote on her dismissal.
Trade between Russia & Iran suddenly rises to 71% - RT Business
With the lifting of sanctions, according to the Russian ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan, the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran grew by 70.9 percent year-on-year.
Since international sanctions against Iran have been lifted, interest on the part of Russian companies in shops in the country has grown sharply, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are taking on existing links with Iran, while new firms are willing to gain access to the market.
Of course, the further trade expansion is one of the biggest priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran," said Dzhagaryan.
He noted that trade turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent in the first five months of the year 2016 compared with the same period in 2015, and was $856 million.
In particular, Russian imports into Iran jumped by 91.5 percent and totaled $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran rose 16 percent to $158 million.
The trade recovery has been achieved by supplies of machinery, land vehicles and weapons," said the ambassador.
Dzhagaryan is out for this year from a record number of Iranian tourists in Russia.
Last year, Russian expatriate representatives issued some 35,000 visas, primarily travel visas, to Iranian citizens.
Iran also reached the top 20 of the countries in terms of the number of tourists in Russia.
You could say that the record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia from last year, will be broken," he said.
At the same time, only relatively few Russians visit Iran, something the ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally can recommend the visit of the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, which have preserved the monuments of the ancient Persian civilization in good condition," he said.
Witnesses sought: beverage market in forest oil surges
A robbery was carried out Thursday evening on the drinks market of Rewe XXL on the forest fire Gerberstraße.
Under the guise of a firearm, three darkly dressed people who had their faces mummified were asked by the employee of the drink market to release cash and then flew first foot and then presumably with a silver VW golf.
How much money has been collected does not involve the police.
The perpetrators should have been between 1.60 and 1.70 meters tall, so relatively small.
The beverage market is directly accessible from the parking deck of the Rewe market.
After the raid in the direction of Gerberstraße, Friedrich-Engelbert-Weg, and from the gravel parking in front of the car park, it is possible to fly with the silver car, possibly in the direction of B 256.
Anyone who made observations at the time of the crime (at 7: 45.00 p.m.), in connection with the robbery, is to report to the police as a matter of urgency.
Nagold: game and fun at summer release
Eight beautiful and happy days spent the children and adolescents of the socio-educational day group/social group work of the child protection bishop Nagold with their carers on their summer vacation in Nussdorf, near Mühlacker.
In the quietly situated Freizeitheim Hardtramdle, the joyful group was hospitalized during the first school holiday week.
Several full-day trips were on the program.
On the one hand, it went to bail with the visit of the string zoo.
Second to Maulbronn, where there was a special children's guide in the world-famous monastery.
The third excursion led to Pforzheim.
In the Celtic Museum in Hochdorf, the group learned a lot about the daily life and the food of the Celts.
On the hot days, the group gathered at the deep lake in Maulbronn, which invited you to jump, swim and plan.
Culinary delights have been pampered by children and caregivers with their self-prepared corpses such as the Sauren Spittle, the Seebronner Pfanznle, Iselshauser-Bloff, English-Breakfast and Tübinger Bolognese.
In workshops was baked, beautiful jewelry made of pearls and stones, or made of wood a Roman mill game.
Other highlights of leisure were fishing in a nearby pond, the evenings on fire and the final "colorful evening".
On the day of the journey home, the sun and the children and young people were happy.
Haigerloch: pilgrims to the gates of mercy
The ministrants from the peace group Eyachtal-Haigerloch St. Anna were on the move on a four-day pilgrimage from Villingen to Freiburg.
Together, four stages have been dealt with.
In order to bridge the period up to the next romantic ride of all mini transmitters in probably two years, the Saint-Anna Oberministrantenround has decided to prepare and carry out a multi-day pilgrimage.
Various pilgrimage goals were examined and it was decided finally for the bishop's town of Freiburg, where this year on the occasion of the Holy Year of mercy with the open gates of mercy at the Freiburger Münster, a special pilgrimage destination was offered.
16 Minis from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and Heiligenzimmern were on the way.
Earlier in the evening, Pfarrer Storost sent out the pilgrims in a small celebration in St. Anna, blessed the pilgrims and gave the pilgrims.
From Horb it was driven by train to the starting point of Villingen, where there was also a Munster of Our Lady, and so the pilgrimage was taken by the Münster.
The individual day tours were framed in the morning and in the evening by a short impulse with various prayers, songs and lyrics.
On the other hand, the minis at field crossings, chapels or churches were also on the way to sing together a song from Pilger-Liedheft.
For the overnight stays, parish heaters of the local parishes were available.
At the milestones, Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller cared for a tasty as well as strengthening dinner and breakfast.
It went on for the second day on Furtwangen to Gütenbach.
The day after St. Peter, which was the most strenuous stretch of road, had to first descend at around 500 meters of altitude and then come back again.
The deserved reward was in the evenings a common barbecue on the beach.
After the morning impulse on the fourth day of pilgrimage in the imposing monastery church of St. Peter, it went to the final stage to Freiburg.
Visibly relieved and happy, the Minis met in the later afternoon at the Freiburger Münster and went through the gates of mercy.
With a little impulse, God was thanked here.
At the evening fair in the Münster, the mini was greeted by collaborator Markus Obert on the pilgrimage.
After the service, the pilgrims were able to visit the sacristy and the high altar.
The next day was still time for the Breisgau metropolis.
In the afternoon it went back to Horb by train.
In the end, all participants agreed that the days of spirituality and a strong community experience were marked.
Scots Callum Skinner stormed home as Briton wins gold for cycling
Scotland's Callum Skinner raced last night in the men's team sprint at the Velodrom in Rio for glory when the British team defended the London 2012 title.
The 23-year-old from Glasgow took on the anchor role that his compatriot Sir Chris hoy had embraced and made the legend proud when he stormed home to capture a victory from New Zealand's favourites.
England claimed a shocking victory four years ago, while hoy picked up the fifth of six Olympics medals.
They repeated the trick after they holed only a modest sixth place in March at the London World Championships in London despite the resignation of Hoys.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of the driver Jamie Staff.
They did so in good time as a hint.
Hoys's retirement created a gap that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to close.
Skinner was the man they stayed with when they saw potential in the Scot that has now unfolded.
Hindes, Kenny - who won with hoy four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in the qualifying rounds, but in the standings the New Zealanders won in the first round.
And the British trio won the duel with gold.
Hindes fell short after his round, but Kenny brought the team forward and Skinner held it.
A change of strategy made much of the transformation, in which Hindes drove in a higher gear to slow it down and allow Kenny and, above all, Skinner to keep the pace.
Hoy watched from his position as BBC expert and dropped Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they rose to the podium.
The 23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said: "it is a flattering comparison."
I am just here to do my best and make a name for myself.
We set an Olympic record in the final round and beat the world champions.
It was just incredible.
There is no better way to win this.
After the 2012 triumph at Kennys and Hoys, Hindes admitted he deliberately fell on the train after a weak start.
He later withdrew that statement and there was no objection from England's rivals.
This time there was no such problem with such a surprising victory.
Hindes said: "it feels with all the GB flags in the gallery like London."
We have come together as a team in the last three months.
We have come away so badly in so many world titles that it was incredible to win again at the Olympics.
That is an event, a gold medal for the nation, which has won seven out of 10 titles in both Beijing and London.
If that is a barometer of our progress in the last five months, we expect successful five days in the velodrome.
With the form of Kennys, it is in the realm of the possible that he repeats Hoy's victory of three Olympic gold medals in a competition.
That would be for Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than hoy, who was also born on March 23 (an apparently sacred date for British sport; on the day were also born Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - a yield of six gold medals and a silver medal.
That would be the equivalent of hoy.
Kenny is next in the sprint, which starts today and will go over three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I am enjoying this just for the moment."
The team event is always best.
You can win it with his colleagues.
It feels a bit lonely to win alone.
Hindes said: "if he wins two more gold medals, he should be beaten to the knight."
It was the only medal contest of the day, but there was further good news for England.
Sir Bradly Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified with the fastest performance in the four-four-kilometer race.
They came in at 3: 51.942 on goal.
The world record holder, who won gold in London in 2012, was third at 3: 51.659.
The first and final round (22.42) will take place today on the second day of the contest, where Wiggins will certainly be in focus.
He had struggled with appointees before the qualification yesterday, when officials called him to measure his body size.
In the corresponding women's competition, which will be continued and finished tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie in world record time in 4: 13.260.
The GB team relies on its strong rail cycling team to dominate the middle period of the Olympics and pick up a bar of medals.
After a truly extraordinary display of absolute dominance in Beijing and London, expectations for Rio were lowered.
It played out drama in the background, according to the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, as well as the retirement of sizes such as hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
But if you look at the first evening of the competition at the velodrome, it looks like the now legendary reputation of GBS, which reached its peak at the perfect moment, could be repeated again.
Future of Portland's melting plant due to repeal of energy contract
The future of Portland's aluminum smelting in Victoria - as well as hundreds of jobs from workers - are at stake, as the plant operator will terminate the energy supply contract and thus lift all supply contracts, the energy company said.
That move followed the government's decision in Victoria earlier this year not to grant any further subsidies to operate the plant.
A subsidy set for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2000 jobs at Alcoa's plant in Portland are at stake.
No less than 2000 jobs - direct and indirect - could be at risk when closing.
In addition, there could be knock-on effects, as the melting plant consumes about 10 percent of Victoria's total power generation.
In 2014, Alcoa completed the Point Henry melting plant, which led to a closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
Alcoa's melting plant in Portland is losing money and risking a closure.
This move follows years of speculation about the future of the plant, originally as a result of the strong Australian dollar and most recently due to the electricity price for the plant.
AGL, which supplies the large aluminum melting plant with its Loy Yang A power plant in Latrobe Valley, said it expects three more owners to terminate their contracts.
The plant is in the majority owned by a joint venture between Alcoa and Alumina, of which the Chinese company CITIC and the Japanese Marubeni Corp hold smaller shares.
"AGL assumes that the plant in Portland will continue to operate, which means further physical demand for electricity by the melting plant," the company said.
AGL continued to say that the contracts are so-called "backup business", which should have come into effect from November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month notice period, so they will end in 2017.
"From that point of view, AGL assumes that the contracts will contribute to revenue in fiscal year 17," said the electricity supplier.
All potential effects on AGL revenues from FY18 are currently limited by the forecasts of strong futures markets for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL announced that it had already written off the value of the contracts in its annual accounts of $187 million in "expectation of a termination."
Alcoa said the decision to tender the contracts would not affect the "ability of Alcoas... to operate the melting plant or to ensure the power supply to the melting plant."
The U.S. company said it completed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which should have come into effect from November this year, even if it still owes a statement as to why it resigned from the contract.
Analysts are warning about the industry's poor economic conditions ahead of the possible closure of the Portland melting plant in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle.
Referring to analysts ' statements earlier in the week, Head of Operations Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland had about 600 megawatts and Tomago consume about 900 megawatts of electricity annually.
Should both plants disappear from the market, this would mean a significant reduction in demand on the [electricity market].
And for us as power producers, that would not be good," he said.
More than just a Kardashian reality TV star, KENDALL is on the cover of the September issue of Vogue
KENDALL Jenner, 20, model and fourth daughter of the manager and mother of the Kardashian-Jenner clan Kris is on the cover of the coveted September edition of US Vogue.
KENDALL, who is the brand ambassador of Estee Lauder and ran to the Fashion Weeks in Milan, Paris and New York, announced the news on her Instagram account on Thursday.
"In a room full of people I love, brought me the sight of this cover to the cry," wrote KENDALL.
The unveiling of the covers followed a bizarre (or simply Keeping Up with the Kardashians similar?), scripted reality video showing the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (with the exception of problem cases Rob and Caitlyn, and in the presence of the most popular showbiz uncles and producers of Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest) as they forget the cover of their sister and that ends with a classic twist: they have all planned a surprise party.
That represents the clichéd plot of almost every birthday episode of a children's show (Seacrest brought the sentence,"you would have forgotten that we had forgotten you?," with the honesty of a cartoon rabbit on a sink at 8 o'clock in the morning), but Kris had to somehow let her other girls take part in this publicity.
With a view to the September issue of Vogue, a new era of the Kardashians has certainly begun.
Kendall's big sister Kim may have beaten her on the Vogue cover (she and her husband Kanye West were to see it in April 2014), but the cover of the September edition of the magazine is a league for itself.
The September issue is for Vogue the most sold edition of the year.
With a scale that resembles an imagery rather than a fashion magazine, the issue attracts a large number of advertisers (Laut Fashionista were advertising from the 832 pages of rolling 615 pages of advertising).
The unveiling of his cover stars is so eagerly anticipated that images of the magazine leaked in the past two years even before the official announcement.
Women who were already on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, there have been clearly more "celebrities who are modelling" as "models who are celebrities" on the cover.
Oscar winner and Dior brand ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was on the cover in 2013, a year after Lady Gaga had the honor.
But even with the low chance that Ms Jenner - who is described by the magazine as the "breakthrough model" of her generation - falls under the previous category, she is in good company.
These celebrities are not related to famous people or reality stars or youths from today who know how to turn a good Snapchat video (even if it is all about Jenner).
They are really talented women who stand out in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on the last cover, had with the release of Lemonade one of the most successful years of her career.
Of course, Jenner's success does not suit everyone.
With her reality TV story, Jenner's position in the fashion world was always somewhat tense.
In June, the former Victoria's Secret model criticized Stephanie Seymour Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid and called it "the mist of the moment."
Those feelings cooked up again when the news came out with the appearance of Jenners on the Vogue cover.
But, at the point of dissatisfaction, the point seems to be getting off the ground.
KENDALL Jenner is on the cover of the September issue of Vogue.
It is, in the truest sense of the word, a supermodel.
She runs for Marc Jacobs.
She makes adverts for your Grunting of Estee Lauder.
She and all her sisters sell you pictures of themselves on their respective paywall apps.
She sells from her made pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter to the magazine LOVE.
And in her spare time she is seen in reality TV, presumably only to see her sister Kourtney and their children.
Community law centres have 160,000 people each year
More than 160,000 of the country's aid needs are rejected annually by community law centres, while the industry is capitalizing on the impact of further cuts on already overloaded transactions.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly elderly people, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who do not have funds for unjust delogies and the like - are already dismissed for seeking free legal advice and legal advice.
Legal services of the municipality, which are already over-stretched, are ready for further cuts.
As of June next year, these legal centers will lose another 30 percent of their federal funds.
The director of community law centres of Queesland James Farrell said the latest survey of the National Association of Local Law Centres revealed that thousands of people are already being turned away each year.
Farrell said the situation would only get worse without a repeal of the federal government's decision.
"Queensland's community law centres are chronically underfunded, which means thousands of people are being turned away from important services you need," he said.
People who leave violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crushing debts, families who go through separations, workers who have been unfairly sacked - all these people have problems of a legal nature and this survey shows they cannot get the help they need.
The federal government will cut funds by 30 percent from June 2017, which means that thousands of more vulnerable people from Queensland will be forced to cope with their legal problems without any help.
We call on the Federal Attorney General and Federal Minister of Justice, as well as Senators of Queensland George Brandis, to immediately lift these budget cuts so that people can get the help they need in the event of legal problems.
Last year, the national government fulfilled its commitment to raise funds for legal aid to the national average.
It is now time to look at the needs of community law centres and their customer communities and that the Palaszczuk Government is investing in this important work.
Donald Trump election campaign indicted after staff allegedly pulled gun
New York: Donald Trump's campaign has been indicted for alleged inaction after she was told that her campaign manager for North Carolina turned a firearm to an employee in February while traveling in a jeep in February.
The incident is described in an indictment filed Wednesday in the District Court of Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software programmer for the campaign in that state.
Bordini admitted for months that the matter would be settled internally before realising that "that would not happen."
The campaign manager, Earl Philip,"drew a pistol, put his right index finger on the deduction, and rammed the run in Vincents Kniekehle," gave Bordini in his indictment.
After complaining to the local and regional campaign manager, Bordini noted that at least four other people had already made the same experience with Phillip, he admitted in the indictment.
"Guns do not have to be fired to cause damage," admitted Bordini.
The indictment comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee sparked an uproar when he told a crowd in North Carolina that the "second Amendment people" - firearms owners and gun lovers - should take action if his rival Hillary Clinton is elected and judges should appoint.
Trump's campaign made it clear that the media had taken his words out of context and that he would not incite violence.
Bordini's complaint calls for damages from the campaign for due diligence and Philip for bodily injury and sustained psychological damage.
Trump's press secretary, Hope Hicks, was unable to reach an opinion.
Attempts to contact Philip also failed.
WCCB, a local news station in Charlotte, reports that Phillip is no longer employees of the campaign.
Calls at his consulting company, Innovative Consulting Services, did not respond.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has so far held a controversial campaign.
The trial is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, Supreme Court, County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin/Schwerin: poll ahead of country elections: SPD and CDU lose
In the upcoming elections in the federal states of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (September 4) and Berlin (18 September), there are significant losses for the government parties SPD and CDU.
This resulted in representative surveys of opinion research institute INSA for the "Bild" newspaper (Friday).
While the red-black ruling coalition in the north could continue to govern narrowly, this is not possible, according to the survey figures in Berlin.
In both states, however, the SPD would be the strongest party and would have a good chance of continuing to put the head of the government.
In Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, the SPD plunged from 35.6 percent five years ago to 24 percent.
The party, according to the poll, was only slightly ahead of the CDU, which could come back to 23 percent.
The third place is controversial between the left and the AfD.
The left would be 19 percent (previously 18.4 percent), the AfD would be represented with 19 percent for the first time in the country Friday.
The Greens, despite slight losses with 6 percent (previously 8.7 percent), were returning to the Schweriner Landtag.
NPD and FDP would not be represented in the Landtag with 3 percent each.
For the Berlin Chamber of Deputies, the SPD would be only 23% (2011: 28.3%).
The CDU reached only 18 percent, after 23.4 percent.
They would still be behind the Greens with 19 percent (2011: 17.6 percent), but before the left with 15 percent (previously 11.7 percent).
The AfD would be represented in the Chamber of Deputies for the first time, with 14%.
With 5%, the FDP could hope to return, but the pirates would miss the move, unlike in 2011.
Nokia 9000 Communicator: the first smartphone
E-mail and Internet in slow motion: 20 years ago, the Nokia Communicator came onto the market.
The successors dominate the world today - its manufacturer experienced a disaster.
The device weighed nearly half a kilogram and was more than four times as heavy as an iPhone 5.
It was thicker and bigger, so it was not good either.
On the contrary, it was pretty scary.
The built-in memory initially averaged eight megabytes, which would be enough today for about two Selfies with high resolution.
An iPhone is now delivered with at least 16 gigabytes.
The "Nokia 9000 Communicator" came in exactly 20 years ago, on August 15, 1996, into the shops - and it was the first smartphone.
For a few euros, lovers can still buy the equipment on the Internet, but they somehow come from the Stone Age of the Internet age.
20 years ago, however, the Communicator was a sensation.
The Finnish mobile phone manufacturer had announced the product a few months earlier at the CeBIT computer fair in Hannover, Germany.
In fact, the new mobile phone could provide a lot for then-standards: SMS and e-mails could be sent and received, even by fax was the Communicator to reach.
Even access to websites was possible via HTML browser, albeit agonizingly slow.
A calculator was available, a digital address book and an electronic calendar.
There was a small antenna, and the cellphone could be folded up like a laptop.
Then there was a small keyboard and a black-and-white screen.
Pretty proud was the price: 2700 D-mark, so about 1400 euros.
The average selling price of a smartphone in Germany was 392 euros in 2015.
No one was able to predict in August 1996 that the Communicator would become the beginning of the smartphone era.
Since then, everything has been different.
The smart phones are a success story, though not for Nokia.
The mobile phone division of the Finns experienced an unprecedented disaster, was eventually sold to Microsoft and settled.
The market now dominates suppliers, all of which came much later than Nokia.
Always and everywhere online, this is everyday life for a lot of people.
In 2015, there were nearly two billion smartphone users worldwide.
About 1.4 billion devices were sold, Samsung and Apple alone accounted for 555 million pieces.
Global sales of equipment are around € 400 billion.
In addition, there are the good business of the countless app providers and the telecommunications groups.
Around the smartphone, an entire industry has now emerged.
The crucial breakthrough to the mass market came only in early 2007, when Apple chief Steve Jobs announced the launch of the iPhone at the Mac World.
He promised three devices in one: a music player, a phone and an Internet communicator, all easy to use by touch screen.
Apple's winning streak began, and today the iPhone is the most important product of the group.
Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry, which dominated the market, had the downside.
They eventually disappeared, Blackberry has to fight.
The sayings now have Apple and Asian suppliers such as Samsung.
The smartphone is taken for granted 20 years after its invention.
On average, every German now looks 88 times a day on his mobile phone.
"We all need to learn to put the smartphone away, too," said Janina Kugel, in the Siemens board of staff.
Permanent accessibility is now a curse and a blessing.
England must guide the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will bring renewal and prosperity not only in our local communities and throughout London, but throughout the country.
For me, that represented the biggest attraction of Heathrow, just as it did in London at the time in 2012, when we ran a great effort to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the games.
The Olympics brought great benefits to Stratford and the East End.
And that will be achieved again by creating new opportunities for locals and businesses near Heathrow.
For our local communities, we alone will create 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and put an end to youth unemployment in the airport environment.
Just as they were ahead of us in London 2012, there will be those who will think that the challenge of the expansion of Heathrow is too great.
I was told that England will never be ready for the Games and that we will embarrass ourselves on the world stage.
The doubters were wrong in 2012 and they will also be wrong at Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to overcoming, but Heathrow answers every question put to him.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is for many, not individual, an infrastructure project.
Enlargement is a way of creating up to 180,000 new jobs, £ 211bn of sustainable growth and leaving a legacy of skills and employment both to the airport and to the whole of the GB.
We have a great team at Heathrow that has implemented a £ 11bn expensive infrastructure investment programme in time and budget, from the T5 - which was chosen for five years in a row to the world's best airport terminal, to the T2, which was built amid the world's two most frequented runways.
Now they stand ready to deliver a third runway, which is backed by £ 16 billion of private investment.
The 2012 London Games were a great success for GB and I am confident that the expansion of Heathrow will also be one.
It is time for us to steer this Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, thereby securing our future trade and creating a legacy of skills and employment that England can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook in ' cat and mouse game ' on ad blocking
For companies that make money with online advertising, according to one of the software manufacturers, attempts to bypass ad blocking, a "cat and mouse game" are the same.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced it would block ad blocking on its desktop site, Adblock Plus published a blogpost in which it said users could update their filters in the program to block advertising on the social network again.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that its desktop page would change the coding of its advertisements to make it more difficult to detect what part of the page is advertising.
But Adblock announced that it has found a new way to circumvent the new codes.
In a blogpost, Adblock Ben Williams spokesman Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of hit-and-go battle between the notifying open source community and the bypass has already been underway since the invention of ad blockers," and that it is possible that Facebook will soon come up with a new solution.
The fact that the world's largest corporate social media company has entered the fray is a strong indication of how worrying ad blockers have become for the industry.
Worldwide, according to a study last year by Pagefair and Adobe, about 200 million people use ad blockers; nearly four times as much in 2013.
With 1.03 billion daily active users accessing Facebook via their mobile devices, mobile advertising accounts for 84 percent of advertising revenue Facebooks.
The company has it on ad blockers on desktop PCs, as mobile ad blockers have no effect on Facebook's mobile app for the social network and Instagram, a spokesman said.
Advertising on desktop PCs accounts for a sufficient share of revenue, so Facebook seems to be worth the investment of such a step.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that it would update its "ad preferences tool" to give people more control over advertising aimed at them.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that Adblock's new filters would be worrying because they would also block content on the site that are not advertising.
"For users, that is not a positive experience, so we plan to address the problem," said a spokesman for Facebook in an e-mail message.
Ad blockers are a blunt means, which is why we have focused instead on developer tools like Ad Preferences to put more control into people's hands.
Woman killed in suspected suicide on Swiss highway
The victim was on the highway in the middle of the night.
Police are calling witnesses after a woman was ousted in the early hours of Thursday amid a suspected suicide of several vehicles on a highway.
The incident occurred on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud shortly after midnight.
A woman took to the streets in the Dark "in an act of desperation" and was hit by several cars, police said in Vaud.
It is obvious that a Swiss woman aged 49, who was overrun by several vehicles, including a truck, wanted to kill himself.
She still died on the ground.
Several drivers have already been heard, but some have still not been identified, said the police, who asked these as well as any witnesses of the incident to sign up.
An investigation has been opened, which is a "logical" step in such a situation, Gilles Hofstetter told the Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether any of the drivers will be shown.
Was a collision preventable?
That is something the prosecutor has to decide," said Hofstetter.
Two similar cases in the past five years show that drivers are not being held accountable.
In each of the two cases - where a person ran in the dark on the highway - it was decided that motorists do not have to assume that a pedestrian runs in the middle of the night on the highway, the newspaper said.
Last year, a policewoman accused of negligent killing was acquitted after she overran and killed a man who was on the A1 near Payerne in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had become unconscious on the street, the court heard.
The court found that the policewoman -- who had responded to an emergency call -- drove in a justified manner and that the presence of a man on the street was a "completely extraordinary and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone who has any further information on the incident Thursday near Morges should contact police under the number 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once habitable
Venus was probably once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
Scientists at the Goddard Institute for Space Studies of NASA developed a model to discover the past of Venus using tools and algorithms similar to those of climate researchers.
The model was designed to determine whether Venus could have taken up similar conditions with its hot, waterless surface and carbon-dense atmosphere.
Scientists have previously hinted that the slow turn of Venus could be explained by its dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus may have had a thin, earthquake-like atmosphere and yet slowly turned on.
The model also illuminated the topography of the early Venus.
The planet probably had more dry areas than Earth, but once had enough water and geographic variability to house life and protect it from rapid evaporation.
The early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent matter.
"In the GISS model simulation, the slow rotation of Venus exposed its day side of the sun for almost two months," explained GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio in a press release.
This warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heat.
The result is average temperatures that are some degrees cooler than that of Earth today.
The model produced a history of Venus similar to the evolution previously suspected of planetary researchers.
Although it was probably habitable, Venus was exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light over the course of several billion years.
Their oceans evaporated and their water vapour was burned away by the ultraviolet light.
As their Hydrogen escaped only a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deadly greenhouse effect -- the Venus as we know it today.
The researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy resigns as coach of Avalanche
Patrick Roy resigned Thursday as coach and Vice President Of Hockey Operations of the Colorado Avalanche and led to minor co-determination in the team's decision-making process.
Alternate President/General Manager of the Colorados Joe Sakic confirmed this decision and noted that the association will immediately look for a new coach.
"In the last three years, I have met my duties as head coach and Vice President Of Hockey Operations of the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," said the 50-year-old Roy in an opinion.
I have been thinking long and a lot over the summer about how I could improve this team to give it more depth, it needs it and bring it to a higher level.
To achieve this, the trainer's vision and Vice President Of Hockey Operations must be perfectly matched to that of the organization.
He must also have a co-determination right in decisions that affect the team's performance.
These conditions are not being met at the moment.
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked him for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick has informed me of this decision today," said Sakic.
We all appreciate what he has done for our organization and wish him only the best for the future.
Roy was honored during his debut season at the 2013-14 Avalanches as the winner of the Jack Adams Awards as the league's best coach.
He led the club to 112 points and to first place in Central Vision, but Colorado was beaten in the first round of the playoffs by Minnesota and missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
The Avalanches recorded a 39-39-4 mark in the 2015-16 season and fell behind the Wild for a second wild card spot in the Western Conference by five points.
As a Hall of Fame goalkeeper, Roy won four Stanley Cups -- two plays with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers resume talks, set off strike
Labor disputes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all the contenders are set for a new round of talks, negotiators said.
Strikes against the oil field service provider Wood Group have been conducted sporadically on platforms in the North Sea, operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group as well as the Unite and RMT unions can confirm that we have agreed to reopen the settlement process of the current dispute," it said in a joint statement.
We will hold some full-day sessions in the next few weeks, which will start early next year to address the issues.
The unions said their last strike, which is the first in over 25 years, was a protest against possible wage cuts of up to 30 percent.
Wood Group this year cut rates to its contractor in the North Sea by about 9 percent due to negative market pressure.
The company's rate cut follows a 10-percent decline for onshore contractors in 2014.
The company said additional cuts would give the company the space needed to come through the market downturn.
Shell has laid off thousands of people and announced plans to give up its oil and gas business activities in up to 10 countries as it rationalises its activities as a result of its mega-mergers with the British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure because of lower crude oil prices, an economic situation that was heightened by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
Scottish MP Dave Anderson met with Labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes that have taken place in the North Sea for a generation.
The North Sea is important to the regional economy, he said.
"In the North Sea and across the country, we need an economy that works for many and not just for a few," he said in a statement.
2016 is expected to be less than $1.4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea compared to an average of around $7 billion in the past five years.
Kepler measures rotation rate of stars in star cluster of Plejades
The newest mission with the Kepler Space telescope has helped astronomers to collect the most complete catalogue of rotation rates under the stars of the Plejades ' star building.
The new data helps astronomers to understand why stars rotate at different rates in star clusters, as well as in what context the rotation periods are with the planetary structure.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between the mass of a star, its age and even the history of its solar system," said Luisa Rebull, a researcher at Caltech's infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, in a press release.
The star cluster of the Plejades is 445 light years away from Earth.
Many stars in this cluster of stars, created about 125 million years ago, now reach adulthood.
They are now turning the fastest.
At peak rotation rates, these mature stars produce large amounts of star winds.
As these winds travel through the stars ' magnetic fields, they have a braking effect on the stars.
When a star is aging, his rotation rate starts to slow down.
Kepler measures the rotation rate of each star by recognizing the time between the appearance of a recognizable star flecks -- such as sunflecks --.
The latest catalog of rotation rates indicates that more massive stars turn slower than less massive stars.
Rebull compares the stars with dancers, with bigger stars turning slower pirouettes than smaller ones.
"In the" ballet "of the Plejades, we see that slow rotors tend to be more massive, whereas faster rotors tend to be very bright stars," said Rebull.
As the star of the Plejades is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities such as rotation rates.
"The star cluster of Plejades offers an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, younger and older," said Rebull.
There is much in front of us that we would like to know more about how the How, When and Why Stars slow down their rotation rates and hang up their "dance shoes".
Rebull and her colleagues have extensively reported in three newspaper reports on their latest analysis of the Pleijades ' rotation rates, which will soon appear in the Astronomical Journal.
A controversial baseball star emerges
The tears ran faster at Alex Rodriguez than the U.S. baseball star in best days from Base to Base.
After his emotional resignation announcement, the 41-year-old professional will wear the jersey of his New York Yankees on August 12 against the Tampa Bay rays.
"I love this game and this team."
"I say ' Goodbye ' to both," explained the 14-time all-star game participant of Major League baseball (MLB).
Rodriguez was voted the league's most valuable player three times, in 2009 he won the World Series with the Yankees.
His signature under a ten-year contract awarded him $27 million annually since 2007.
Until the end of the contract on December 31, 2017, he will serve as a consultant and youth coach - on full salary.
As a player, it paid Rodriguez back with performance for a long time.
With 696 homers, 3114 hits and 2021 points for his teams ("runs") for the Seattle mariners (1994-2000), the Texas Rangers (2001-2004) and the Yankees since 2005, he made some milestones.
With Hall-of-Fame members Hank Aaron and Willie mays, only two other baseball players have similar values in the most important statistics.
But in baseball's glory hall, the 41-year-old is not likely to be included.
Because so successful Rodriguez - nicknamed "A-Rod" - was on the field, so controversial is his appearance outside the square.
As early as 2009, the superstar at "ESPN" admitted to having taken banned steroids between 2001 and 2003.
In August 2013, it was closed for 211 lots due to involvement in the so-called Biogenesis scandal by the end of 2014.
Rodriguez is considered the prime suspect, for years, to have received performance-enhancing funds through an anti-aging clinic in South Florida.
After a legal battle, the lock was reduced to 162 encounters.
"The league might even have done me a favor for the year 2014, because I have been through 20 years without a break," Rodriguez told reporters at the time.
Even his farewell days do not go straight.
While many baseball legends get the big stage again in their last games, Rodriguez often had to sit on the bench.
"My job does not include a farewell tour."
"My job involves trying to win every game," Yankees coach Joe Girardi said.
After all, Rodriguez, who was married to actress Cameron Diaz and echoed relations with pop star Madonna and actress Kate Hudson, expressed sympathy for fans from the Yankee archrival Boston Red SOx.
"We want A-Rod," sang the supporters at the 4: 9 defeat against the Rodriguez team.
Olympics 2016: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekowa and Adrian Zielinski are first doping cases
Caught: due to a positive doping test, Adrian Zielinski is not allowed to start from Poland in Rio.
Rio de Janeiro - The 2016 Olympics are overshadowed by the first official doping cases.
A caught athlete would have almost won a medal.
Before the seventh race day, the first official doping cases became known as the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi, 3000-meter obstacle runner Silwia Danekowa of Bulgaria and Polish weightlifter Adrian Zielinski have been tested positive and ruled out in Brazil - just before the start of the already critically acclaimed athletics competitions, these messages come at the untime.
Last Sunday, Chen showed the diuretic hydrochlorothiazid, which is used as a masking agent for doping substances.
The International Sports Court CAS confirmed its exclusion from the Olympic Games on Friday afternoon.
On Sunday, the 18-year-old had finished fourth in the final over 100m butterfly, only by 0.09 seconds she missed the bronze medal.
On Friday, Chen should have taken part in the forerunners over 50 m free style.
Chen has requested the opening of the B sample and a hearing at the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The National Association takes the matter "very seriously and requires full cooperation in the investigations," Xinhua quoted a news release as saying: "we will cooperate with the International Sports Tribunal CAS and will accept the verdict."
For the first time in history it is no longer the IOC, but the CAS responsible for sanctioning athletes with positive cases.
Also on the night of Rio, the news about the positive sample at Danekowa went through, the 33-year-old went into the offensive itself.
"I had three tests, all negative, and my fourth test was positive", this was "an incredible shock," she told the Bulgarian TV channel BNT.
She is innocent,"the only explanation could be dietary supplements," the athlete said.
According to the report, the banned substance is the blood doping agent EPO.
Danekowa has been provisionally suspended, according to BNT, the B sample has already been positive.
Bulgaria's Prime Minister Bojko Borissov immediately spoke with criticism of the athlete.
"I do not understand why the athletes do not draw the right conclusions," he said, adding: "we Bulgarians are under observation, so many have already been ruled out."
For example, all the weights from the chronically doping-impaired nation must not take part in Rio.
On Friday, the case was also known as "Adrian Zielinski," the London Olympic champion in the class up to 85 kg, as his brother Tomasz tested positive for the anabolic steroid Nandrolon three days earlier.
Both deny enrollment, but both are not allowed to start in class up to 94 kg.
Before the start of the athletes, the Danekowa case is another major blow to the reputation of the whole sport.
The International Federation of IAAF had banned the entire Russian team except for systematic doping, and Kenya also produced a lot of bad news in Rio.
In swimming, the previous offense in China had also caused fierce clashes between athletes.
So the Frenchman, Camille Lacourt, attacked Chinese Olympic champion Sun Yang harshly.
"Sun Yang pinkelt purple."
"When I see the podium over 200 m free style, I want to hand over," Lacourt said on French radio.
Sun was also at the centre of a dispute with the Australian Mack Horton.
"I have no time and no respect for doping fraudsters," this one said.
Sun had tested positive for the stimulant Trimetazidin at the Chinese championships in 2014, but had to sit down only a three-month lock.
Data clamp: so perfidious blacker hackers get their ransom
Programmers of blackmail malware are currently targeting companies - and they are successful.
According to a recent survey of malware-defense specialists Malwarebytes among 540 companies in North America, Britain and Germany, 40 percent of companies surveyed over the past 12 months have been at least once, in part, victims of an attack with blackmailer software.
In Germany, nearly 20 percent of firms were already targets of a ransomware blackout.
40% of the victims willingly paid the ransom demanded by the perpetrators in order to be able to use the systems and data that were attacked.
According to the observations of Malwarebytes, the perpetrators are specializing in attacks in corporate networks.
If they are successful there, the potentially blackened ransom is significantly higher than for private users.
"We are currently watching a frighteningly rapid evolution of the malware," explains Malwarebytes boss Marcin Kleczynski in talks with the "world".
In 2008, most malware programs were designed to send advertising.
Then the perpetrators discovered extortion software for themselves.
Only private users were the target, but the switch to company attacks has been terribly fast over the last few months.
Ransomware works according to a simple pattern: once active on a victim's computer, it searches for recently modified files such as Word, Excel or database files, as well as archives of images and videos.
These files encrypt the ransomware and erase the originals in a sustainable way.
Then the software presents the demands of the blackmailers.
In order to get the end keys code to the files, the victims must transfer money - usually in the form of the cryptocurrency Bitcoin.
However, where the personal photo database is at stake for private users, companies are concerned with sensitive customer data or project databases, without which the production is closed.
As a result, the damage occurs when a ransomware strikes.
22% of the affected German firms reported revenue losses by Ransomware, 13% had to disrupt business altogether; in one case, people were in danger of life.
In Germany, hospitals have already been victims of attacks, whose patients can be threatened by the loss of medical records.
"We always tell the victims: do not pay, it only encourages the problem," explains Kleczynski.
But 80 to 90 percent of firms that pay are getting their data back.
It is difficult for managers to reject the perpetrators ' demand in the face of a standstill in operation.
The hackers, in turn, know this and are trying everything to build a good reputation.
In a recent study, F-Secure security researchers examined the user interfaces and contact with the blackmailers and come to the conclusion: the perpetrators are actually trying to build some kind of customer service to take more money.
They declare their victims by chat, how they can pay by Bitcoin, set up freely accessible support websites or decrypt sample files.
And if private individuals are redeemed after payments of a few hundred euros, companies will have to negotiate hard and pay five-digit sums to get their data back unencrypted.
Given the potentially high and relatively risk-free profits from ransomware blackouts, the hackers are becoming more professional and sharing the work, explains security expert Chester WISNIEWSKI of the antivirus provider Sophos: "a single person can write a Ransomware about within a week."
However, it is more likely that there are three or four people.
The programmers then sell their malware in the form of a software module to the actual blackmailers.
The previous malware kits were created by buying the malware itself, consulting and additional tools for a unique fixed price between 1000 and 10,000 dollars.
"Included in the scope of delivery is an adaptation tool so that smaller configurations, appearance and branding can be changed," says WISNIEWSKI.
The blackmailers then look for more hackers to spread the freshly bought software among the victims.
We live in a service economy.
So you log into one of the forums underground, buys the set of a criminal and instructs you to install the software on as many PCs as possible.
Payment is made per infected computer.
"Usually the criminals charge spammers with the spread," explains WISNIEWSKI.
The risk of Ransomware is now known to many companies that better secure their data.
More than 50 percent of company IT managers in the Malwarebytes survey rely on the ability to repel Ransomware using file back-ups and scanner software.
Accordingly, the perpetrators are already pursuing new strategies.
"If the encryption of data alone is not a sufficient threat to successful performance, the perpetrators are threatening instead with the release of sensitive data such as customer lists or price calculations," explains Malwarebytes boss Marcin Kleczynski.
As a result, the potential for damage, depending on the type of data, is much higher than before.
It would also be possible for the perpetrators to take completely new targets on the Internet in the future.
At the hacker conference Defcon, security researchers showed how they could get a thermostat connected to the Internet under their control.
In the middle of winter, the release of such blocked heating could well be worth a ransom.
If the perpetrators then block an entire production line in a factory instead of heating in the future, Ransomware could also become a topic in industry 4.0.
One for all cases
Honda HR-V is flexible and everyday
In the small HR-V, Honda wants to pack everything: a little SUV, a little coupé and also the versatility of a minivans.
Sounds pretty overloaded, but the HR-V, constructed on the same new platform as the new jazz, turns out to be very flexible in everyday life.
Although only 1.60 m high HR-V looks small, the passengers have a lot of space in the first row as well as in the rear, it does not work at any point.
The materials of the interior are well processed and have a pleasant effect, only the cockpit upper side is there.
The HR-V is more versatile than comparable vehicles.
There is not only a trunk of 453 litres at high and 1026 litres, but there are the "Magic Seats".
This is less magical than it sounds: the rear seats of the rear seat can be folded up like cinemas and thus offer storage space, which is 1.24 metres high from the floor to the ceiling.
The trunk can be loaded well, but the load height of 650 mm is slightly higher than in the comparable Peugeot 2008.
The tested 1.6-l diesel with 88 kW/120 horsepower accelerates the HR V thanks to torque of up to 300 nm in wide speed ranges.
However, he is likely to do his job somewhat quieter.
The daily consumption of 4.7 l/100 km is pleasing.
There is another motorization: a 1.5-lb petrol tank with 96 kW/130 horsepower.
An all-wheel drive is not offered.
Driving behaviour is balanced, a good compromise between dynamism and comfort.
But steering is likely to be a little more direct.
The equipment in the tested top variant "Executive" leaves nothing to be desired.
The security systems include the City emergency brake assistant (works up to speed 32), the collision warning system and the gauge assistant.
The collision warner sometimes irritates, because he evaluates many obstacles as "approaching objects".
The remote light assistant works very reliably.
And the intelligent temporegler responds to the traffic sign detection and drops speed when needed.
The full connectivity is available only for the top equipment: 7-inch touchscreen, Navi, app integration and more.
Two USB and one HDMI connectors are under the armrest and are therefore somewhat difficult to reach.
The approximately 29000 euros for the well-equipped top diesel are in order.
Those who do not want to invest so much will receive the petrol from 20000 euros, the diesel from 23000 euros.
The engines meet the Euro 6 emissions standard.
With the HR-V Honda offers a versatile and everyday car.
Airline not liable: fall on passenger bridge
An airline is not liable for the fall of a passenger on the passenger bridge.
The Oberlandesgericht Düsseldorf (Az.: 18 U 124/14).
The plaintiff had broken a knee ligament in the fall.
The accident, however, could have happened anywhere - it was a general risk of life, the court said.
The airline did not have to pay the man any damages.
Illness: when the organiser pays
Sick holidaymakers will only receive money after their journey, if the cause of the illness is undoubtedly found in the hotel.
However, that is only the case when more than ten per cent of guests have been proven to show the same symptoms.
In the negotiated case, a family was badly affected by diarrhoea and vomiting on the second day of their Turkish leave.
She spent almost the entire holiday in the room.
Their illness led the holidaymakers back to a faulty sewage plant, which allegedly polled the seawater.
The family believed the trip was flawed - and sounded against the organizer.
In court, the plaintiffs had no success.
It is true that the water treatment plant was broken.
But the organizer learned about it shortly before the departure of the plaintiffs.
He had to assume until then that the sea water was in order.
So he did not violate his information requirements, according to the ruling.
No contamination has been found in the samples of the water.
The illness of several hotel guests - possibly through contagion among themselves - is part of the general risk of life.
Out of 691 guests, only 38 were sickened.
De Maizière said that after the violence perpetrated by refugees in Würzburg and Ansbach in July, many people were concerned about further attacks.
The state must respond calmly and decisively at the same time to terrorist threats.
What is certain is that our country will not answer the violence of the perpetrators with hatred and division.
We will not give this triumph to the terrorists.
If criminals had to leave the country more quickly, however, it would increase the security and strength of the people's support for refugee policy.
De Maizière intends to implement the proposals until the federal election in 2017.
He also announced a further personnel reinforcement of the security forces,"in mid-four-digit magnitude over several years."
Sympathy for terrorism must be punished again.
Video surveillance is to be improved, and gun law is being amended in such a way as to make it more difficult to buy weapons on the Internet.
The last much-discussed duty of silence for doctors is to be respected, according to de Maizières.
However, he wants to seek solutions in the dialogue with the medical profession on how to reduce the vulnerability of citizens, he said, with a view, for example, to mental discoveries.
In order to counter the radicalisation of refugees, the Minister believes that better social care is needed.
Teachers would have to be better prepared for dealing with traumatised people.
In order to prosecute criminals in specific areas of the Internet (Darknet) de Maizière plans to use covert investigators.
SPD chief Gabriel said: "the SPD is ready to talk about anything that helps to further enhance security."
It is important for the Home Secretary to speak out clearly against action.
"That was a slap in the face for the sharpmakers in the CDU/CSU," Gabriel told the newspapers of the Funke Media Group (Friday).
De Maizière had previously rejected calls from the union after a burqa ban and the abolition of dual nationality.
A general ban on full obfuscation is a constitutional problem.
You cannot ban everything you are opposed to, and I reject the wearing of the burqa.
We can talk about rules such as road transport or witnesses in court.
Green leader Simone Peter accused the minister of trying to simulate new anti-terrorist packages and capacity to act.
Left-wing party chief Bernd Riexinger said: "fleet scraps and a tightening of the right of residence do not bring security to the people of this country."
Better flow of traffic on the motorway
It regularly blew up on the bypass - here's a picture of Nov.
But this is about to change: the legal trajectory is to be extended.
This is good news for all car drivers who are standing in the traffic on the ambient road every evening when travelling via the motorway (A 43).
Road construction is extended next Tuesday and Wednesday (16/17 August) in the area between Hammer Straße and the exit Weseler Straße.
Motorists can then walk directly from the hammer road to the right.
The great advantage: the traffic divides at an early stage, improving the overall flow on the very busy section of the Bundesstraße 51.
The idea with the extended exit had the CDU faction in the district agency of Münster-West.
The road narrowing on the accessory nerves motorists, especially between 5 and 19 pm.
On weekdays, the backlog extends to the bridge over the Albersloher route and sometimes beyond.
The reason is the bottleneck on the B 51 just before the departure of Weseler Straße.
From here, traffic will only be channelled across the motorway bridge.
The second track had to be rebuilt well over three years ago.
The reason: static calculations have shown that the bridge no longer has the required capacity to capture, in particular, heavy goods traffic.
It is not possible to say how long this bottleneck and the associated daily traffic jam will continue.
However, for years to come, the bridge has an official residual use up to 2034.
For the extension of the legal trajectory, the national company has consciously chosen the weaker time in the school holidays because of the risk of disability.
Traffic will pass through the construction site on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Intercultural journey: cultural offers for schools
The international class of the forest school attended the play "The invisible House".
The association Nima's and the boy theater are now planning a music project.
The association Nima's enables young people with migration and refugee backgrounds to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
The "class International" of the Waldschule Kinderhaus has visited an idea of the award-winning piece "The invisible house" of the boy Theatre Münster.
In the context of the "Intercultural journey" initiated by the association Nima's, 19 students between the ages of 11 and 15 attended the staging in the small house.
Since the beginning of the year, the association, which aims at the cultural integration of young people with migrant and refugee backgrounds, offers schools with welcome classes the opportunity to visit cultural institutions in Münster within the framework of this project.
Most of the young people in the class had come to Münster between September 2015 and March 2016, including Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia and Syria, and spoke little German.
Thanks to the choreography, the scenic images and video animations, they were able to follow the course of action, according to the press release of the boy Theatre Münster.
The association Nima's, founded by Dr. Tannaz Westerberg of Sprakel, and the Young Theater will work together in the upcoming season as part of a musical theater project.
From October to December, young people between the ages of 14 and 20 will be given the opportunity to attend professional courses in the fields of singing, dance, spectacle and music.
Offers for children and families in the area of theatre play and theatrical language placement are in the planning.
The project "Intercultural journey" continues.
Given the increased number of refugees, the association expects many classes to participate.
Rain instead of star snuff: hope for weather improvement
The weather caused a stroke in southwest Germany on Friday night, but there is still hope.
The night was ill-suited for clouds and rain to watch the celestial spectacle, said the chairman of Sternwarte Welzheim, Hans-Ulrich Keller, on Friday morning.
Our hope lies on the night of Saturday.
The weather is supposed to be good, then we certainly see a lot of star snuff in the sky.
The stars are Perseids, which, at 216000 kilometers per hour, are among the fastest stars.
They have their name because they seem to come from the constellation of Perseus, which goes up in the northeast.
Relaxing night: tips against sleep disorders
In the evenings you get around forever, at night you are awake and in the morning you can't think of sleep anymore.
That is far from relaxing.
After all, such problems are in good company: according to the Robert Koch Institute, about a quarter of adults have sleep disorders and more than 10% feel their sleep often or permanently as not recovering.
How do sleep problems or sleep disorders occur?
There are several forms of sleep disturbances, and they can cause a variety of causes, says Hans-Günter We<unk>, member of the board of the Deutsche Gesellschaft für Schlafforung und Schlafmedizin.
What you mean by this is the insomnie, that is, an insomnia and sleep disorder.
It is precisely the sleep that makes many people feel unsatisfactory or inadequate, says Jens Wagenknecht, a member of the Executive Board in the German Home Medical Association with practice in Lower Saxony.
What is behind sleep disorders?
The causes of sleep disorders are complex.
Behind this can be organic, mental or behavioral factors, but also drugs.
Not infrequently, sleep disorder is an expression of another disease.
"Very early waking up is especially common in a depression," says We<unk>.
And it may be that different factors require each other.
For example, if you have a bandwagon, you can be bad, wake up every two to three hours, and perhaps begin to grapple with everyday problems and worries.
That leads to tension, and sleep is no longer possible.
When should you have sleep disturbances to the doctor?
Anyone who does not sleep well over a period of one month in at least three nights a week and is impaired on the day should go to the doctor, advises weed.
The impairment may look very different: one is off, tired, idle, has difficulty with attention and concentration, is easily appealing, has mood swings or physical ailments like stomach or headache.
To ease the sleep disorder, it is important to find out their causes.
Treatment options include behavioral changes, cognitive behavioural therapy or medication - classical sleeping tablets only in exceptional cases and at most for two weeks.
There are hardly any sleep doctors in Germany, says Prof. Ingo Fietze, director of the interdisciplinary dormitory center of the Charité University Medicine Berlin.
That is why, when it comes to sleep problems, you should first contact the doctor.
The can check with investigations whether the problems have a physical cause.
Who should go to the sleep lab, and what happens?
For examinations in the sleep lab, medics advise, for example, on snoring with respirators, on sickle dayfatigue, sleep converters or if you do not find the cause of a sleep disorder, Fietze explains.
You do not really have to prepare for the investigation.
You should spend the day normally.
"Just please do not make a luncheon," says Fietze.
After the swirling, you go to bed at his normal time.
In addition to the electrodes on the body, you wear a nasal glasses, a breast belt and a fan on your finger.
There is also a camera on the ceiling.
How can people get a grip on the problems?
There are quite a lot of screws that can be used for a better sleep.
Weaving counts: regular sleep and uplift times, not too long in bed, do not go to sleep on the day, do not watch TV to sleep, drink alcohol and do not look at the clock at night - then you start counting immediately and that is not conducive at all.
What the jungle camp with missing medals in swimming
Former German swimmer Markus Deibler has spoken on Facebook about the disappointing performance of the DSV team at Olympis.
In December 2014, he first picked up gold at the short-track world championships in Doha, setting his first world record at the same time.
Now the former DSV athlete Markus Deibler has protected himself via Facebook against his ex-teammates in the critique.
"In a country where an Olympic champion gets a € 20,000 premium and a jungle kingdom € 150,000, no one should be surprised about missing medals," the 26-year-old wrote on his Facebook page on Friday.
The support system in swimming is bad, but the doping controls are very good.
This means that we cannot compete with countries that promote a great deal and do not look so closely at the issue of doping, or even do it.
"I am not saying that the controls should be stopped here," he continued.
If he wanted to start a comeback, Deibler would have to be reported nine months before his first start of the National Anti-Doping Agency, Germany (Nada).
That is the way to keep it with countries.
"Anyone who cannot be controlled for a certain period prior to WM/OS by independent controllers of WADA/FINA should not be allowed to participate," asks the pollster, who now runs an ice cream parlour.
Airport: gang of baggage thieves arrested
Professional thieves at Düsseldorf airport
Civil investigators from the Düsseldorf police on Thursday succeeded in arresting two women and two men aged 50 to 61.
The suspects had committed multiple pocket and baggage theft as a gang.
At 9: 30.00 p.m., civilian officials in the Düsseldorf airport recognized a gang that was known to police from past theft offences.
The two women and two men had committed several offences since mid-July of this year, working together, collaboratively and professionally.
The specialists of the Crime Commissioner 34 will be able to demonstrate four actions to the thieves who were specifically responsible for committing crimes to Germany.
They had taken a total of more than EUR 15,000.
Old buildings, some Lindenbäumchen, interspersed with the rest of the cobblestones: the Rigaer Strasse in Berlin-Friedrichshain does not look like this at first sight, but the police are one of the "dangerous places" of the city.
Walk down the road from east to west, passing on playgrounds, a freshly coated kindergarten and a biolad.
To the facade of a grey house someone has sprayed "ugly!"
Compared to a Lidl, which is soon to be demolished, it is already being built: by 2017, a house with high windows and 133 new rental apartments will be created.
Articles about this "trendy district", as the real estate company Friedrichshain called it, are, however, preferred in recent weeks with burning cars.
The reason is the house with the number 94: once it was occupied, now the residents have rental contracts, but on the ground floor are still occupied spaces and are used for events.
Especially the Berlin interior senator Henkel had argued several times since the beginning of the year for tough police action against the project, describing the area as a "no-go zone" for police officers and the 94 as the starting point of autonomous violence.
After being cleared on June 22, the rooms on the ground floor, the cadtery crews, with 300 police officers, patrolled the police for three weeks, with 30 to 40 officials and three team cars on the ground, blocked parts of the road and kept visitors from entering the house with the number 94.
Meanwhile, construction workers renovated the premises on behalf of the unknown homeowners.
On July 13, a Berlin administrative court ruled that the evacuation had been illegal, and a day later, police and construction workers withdrew amid the jubilation of sympathizers and residents.
On this summer afternoon, the road is peaceful: parents walk with children, people sit on the pavement in front of the houses in the sun, others entertain Späti.
In the immediate vicinity of the house projects are a primary school and kindergartens.
Left-wing violence is not the main concern of many residents: Kerstin Neugebauer, who has lived in the Kiez since 1999, and Jana *, who has three children here, are mainly generated by the police presence.
With residents of the home projects, they share the concern about rising rents and gentrification.
It does not sound like a Kiez, who mostly wanted police protection against vandalising leftists.
The ditch of the Berlin interior senator and the police between house occupants and their neighbours does not seem to exist.
Friedrichshain, in the east of Berlin, was actually a traditional working-class district, which today also has a low average income and high risk of poverty compared to the rest of the city.
Home occupation and the resulting residential projects have long been part of the Kiez: in 1990, numerous houses were occupied in the former GDR, including almost all of Mainz Street near the rig.
While the Mainzer had been cleared under great police escort in a veritable street battle, many of the projects in the Rigaer were legalized and are still inhabited by the people who occupied them 26 years ago.
At the same time, in recent years, the district has become increasingly a magnet for tourists and polling liners from all over the world.
That is also evident in the rents, which have risen by nearly 60 percent since 2009 in new rentals.
Many of the new constructions in the Rigaer are attacked as symbols for this development: you can recognize them on wrapped slices or freshly coated facades that have been tossed with color bags.
No other street has been mentioned so often this year along with the words "left-wing violence".
One reason that not all neighbors see this as a problem could be that they are not necessarily affected by crime: crimes such as bodily injury are, according to statistics, almost exclusively against police officers.
Most of the crimes are causing material damage, which tends to hit new buildings and newly renovated houses.
For Kerstin Neugebauer, who has lived for 17 years in a rental house next to the controversial 94, there can be no talk of insecurity.
As far as violence is concerned, it is appeasement: the people in the 94 are their neighbours, who are certainly not.
Even the famous burning cars no longer exist directly in the Rigaer.
For the studied architect, her street is not a criminal focal point, on the contrary: "here you help each other, live together on the street and get more from each other than elsewhere".
Neugebauer is deliberately drawn into the Rigaer street - and stayed.
That is why it was so important for the residents to get their street back: the police, the politics and the media, all of whom suddenly claimed the sovereignty over the district in July.
But in the eyes of residents like Neugebauer, the road continues to be taken away: by faceless new buildings in former construction gaps that crowd out the old inhabitants.
"These are, after all, condominiums that are not interesting to many here - they are more likely to be people who are not so good," she says.
"I absolutely do not approve of violence and destruction."
But what should you do if someone never listens?
There is frustration on all sides, including the police and the inhabitants.
Kerstin Neugebauer, who is annoyed by color bombs, has little understanding: the house projects and the left scene belonged to Kiez.
Anyone who moves should be aware of this - just as someone who moves into a pub district can complain about noise there.
All of the people presented with first names asked not to be named with their proper name
Urbach: Annika Deuschle is new refugee commissioner
Annika Deuschle is the contact person for integration and organizer.
She is also a social worker on the ground.
Since July, Annika Deuschle has been the refugee agency for Urbach.
The social pedagogy supports the management team around Achim Grockenberger.
It sees itself as a contact person for all actors: refugees, refugee aid workers, administration, authorities and anyone else.
Regine's customer from the working group indicates that the volunteers are more than grateful that Deuschle is now there, the ferocious wool mill, which has a particular problem.
For example, some - less spotty than the multitude of desirable tasks - meant that when the administration wanted to put out the job.
The search for an administrative force with a talent for languages and people, coupled with many years of experience in the field of social work, has just been searched.
But administrative work is not their central area, says Annika Deuschle.
Above all, it is about organization, work with people on the ground, and also behind the scenes, as well as network activity.
The 31-year-old has been around for about six weeks.
It has a 50 per cent stake in three years.
"It was high time," says Regine's client, that supports Annika Deuschle's honorary and full-time actors.
There are big and small problems, organizational, human and understanding problems.
New containers will soon be found in Wasenstraße
A serious problem has been for some time to find homes for the connecting refugees who have been recognised.
The local authorities are responsible for the connection.
They have to accommodate the refugees in their own or rented homes.
The costs of building, renting or renovating these accommodations must be borne by the municipalities themselves.
The responsibility changes from the county office to the municipality and the Jobcentre.
Problem: there are free objects, but not every landlord wants to offer their apartment.
The search has been very difficult for some time.
De facto the administration does not find any private housing.
So far, it is not working to rely on private housing, according to Deuschle.
Therefore, public housing needs to be stimulated, as it is so beautiful.
So new containers will soon be set up in Wasenstraße.
But only housing is not done.
Perspective is the key word, Regine customer and Annika Deuschle agree.
In addition to a fixed lead, it is internships, training places, school places, one-euro jobs and aid activities for refugees and migrants that need to be funded or set up.
"More places would be good," says Regine's customer.
Many work in the building yard or help house masters, do nonprofit work - and that is motivated and very properly, as Annika Deuschle reports.
It hopes that work for the community will lead to a positive external impact.
That is ' no employment therapy '.
But activity does not just mean work.
The day needs a fixed structure, say Deuschle and customer.
People would need to develop a sense of belonging.
So there is a need for offers such as sports, contacts with locals and, above all, language courses.
Professional courses are rare.
So here, too, administration and honorary officials are jumping in.
It is vital that the refugees feel that they are welcome and welcome in Germany.
The long duration of the procedures is a problem.
They must explain to refugees that it is taking time to bridge the gap, for example, with language courses.
Anyone who eventually feels that he is unable to help anyone in Urbach should not be able to work and be useless, who will never integrate.
The clear majority is motivated.
However, there are also problems, says the customer,"people who have nothing at all", so the work of the Deuschle and the customer is always to motivate others.
All of this is a "mammoth task".
A difficult question: have the two, following recent events, been afraid of radicalisation, even in a small community like Urbach?
"No," Regine tells customers quite clearly,"what some might call naive".
The helpers, however, are already sensitized.
These incidents are also a matter for the refugees.
They would have the fear that the perpetrators would bring them completely into disrepute.
"They want to show they have nothing to do with it," says Regine's customer.
Many would like to stay in Urbach.
So principal and honorary officials must look for activities on the ground and in the region.
They always have in the background that a new surge of refugees and migrants could soon come to Urbach.
Does Germany need a cap?
To answer this question clearly is to shy away from politics.
Actually, it is unfair to put them on the ground.
"In Urbach we have not arrived yet where we want to go," says Annika Deuschle.
No new refugees, that would relax the situation.
Regine's customer also makes it clear that the Urbachers are already busy integrating the existing people in a reasonable way.
These are currently about 100 people, mostly young men.
But if people are in need, they need help, both women agree.
The political situation is so complicated, there are no easy answers.
Schorndorf: burglars sought by helicopter
The police helicopter flew various areas for about an hour - unsuccessfully.
Two unknown men intruded violently into an apartment at 8.50 a.m. on Friday morning in a multi-family house in the Lindenweg.
The resident surprised the two and struck the unholed in the escape.
The two men were about 1.65 to 1.70 meters tall, probably masked, wore both bluejeans and black capuzenpullis.
They flew in the direction of downtown.
To the search, police deployed several strip crews as well as a police helicopter.
The search was carried out without success.
Perhaps the unknowns fell close to the apartment or in their escape.
Baden-Wuerttemberg: police determine after rocker attack on snack
After an attack on an Ulmer snack, police are investigating six suspects from the rocker milieu because of heavy land peace.
In housing searches, evidence and drugs were secured, police said Friday.
Around 20 masked men of a rocket-like grouping had thrown bottles and stones against the window of a snack, according to police in July.
After that, they were alleged to have attacked two guests and injured one slightly.
After that, they fled.
At the snack and the adjacent building there was a damage of € 10000.
According to investigators, there is a dispute in the Ulmer Rocker milieu between a Kurdish and a Turkish aisle.
Thuringia: Zeiss Meditec closer to turnover billion
A high demand for medical technology in Asia has boosted sales of Carl Zeiss Meditec.
In the first nine months of the fiscal year that began in October, group sales rose 6.7 percent to $798.6 million, as the listed company said Friday in Jena.
The Asian business grew disproportionately by 17.1 percent.
Profit before interest and taxes increased to 110.5 million euros, according to the interim review of 89.5 million euros.
The Jenaer Medical Technology Group aims to exceed the sales mark of one billion euros this fiscal year, the board confirmed.
Zeiss Meditec manufactures equipment and equipment for medical practices and clinics.
The company, which belongs to the optics and electronics company Carl Zeiss (Oberkochen), employs just under 3000 people.
